Session goal:

Hedwig

Rosamunda made herself known to you and the others, she seem to confirmed that Hedwig is the one behind the failed shipment
Recruit more women including Minfilia
Learn about Leonid’s goals and current background

Narmaya

Go to the boat before 6 in the evening. Make sure to chain yourself
Meet with Adam first and introduce him to Pecorine (Tell him that it’s her gift for the good deed he did as an excuse)
Actually during a full moon, learn more about yourself. If your condition improves or if it gets worse. Gain the help of the others for a dangerous experiment

Mystine

Talk Minfilia into joining the Hags of Hama. Tell her that she could offer her past as a sacrifice in exchange for power.

Minfilia

Obtain information from Marquez
Use the Succubus to complete the job that was assigned to you
Help you may use: Oskar, George, Sensodyne and her crew maybe Pecorine & Anton
Don’t forget about meeting the members of the Free Theater



Pecorine

After the festivities, offer your help to Minfilia
Find Gramps in the crowd and offer to look for Narmaya-sister and Levy
Write a report to Girard Gaid about what you have learned about the Hags of Hama

Rino

Compliment Hedwig for her Dance
(Describe how Rino is turned on by her attractive naked body. Describe Rino’s physical look. He has many scratches and scars from the previous fights and training on his chest are claw marks and his arms are full of scar marks)


Session:

Luna’s friend worked as a Pervese whore, Miller’s street house (Sarah)
Have you been to the main house? (Marquez)
There are guards (not the door guards. Mistress’ bodyguards)
If she’s not home, who’s guarding the house? A number of guards 2 at the gates and patrols. He only know the one outside
Location (Pervese Main house) Calle Musica, a famous house
The house is behind the main branch the main pervese branch where they do the big events
Zurich (second in command)
Rumors is his kink is blood
He heard someone that she likes taking someone’s virginity
Ward against undesirables (Lvl 3 Abjuration spell)
Oliver vs 
Monsieur Palma
Report to him require food from the store[
Minfilia casted Identify on the door (silent alarm spell)
Zurich is a lesser obscure town in hermann
Guy with yellow hair and yellow eyes and black jacket (Zurich)
Pecorine healed Grampa Adam
Vulture familiar (possibly Leonid’s)
Trying to expand the drug dealing
Narmaya, Mystine, Levy, Somme, Adam, Strandiz and Jean Paul
Pecorine, George, Anton 
Oskar and George saw some stuff
2 doors with magic item it has duration of 24 hrs
Doors themselves are magic items
Minfilia did the identified someone keeps recasting them
Alarm spell that kills tiny creatures
3rd level Wards against undesirables
Enchantment spells walls are enchantments
Trajan, Cadus, George, Justin, Frank, Al, Strandiz. Somme, Domme, Cotto, Anton, Andy, Jethro,  10 slaves, Marquez, Adam, Oskar

Session goals:

Hedwig

Continue participating in the fall festival while watching both Leonid and Rosamunda
Check on Somme every now and then through mind connection
Ask Denise to recruit the other women


Narmaya

Go to the cargo hold and restrain yourself
Turn Marquez (Optional)

Mystine

Travel to the east with Adam
Convince her to take up arms and remove her curse
Learn more about what Sensodyne is hiding

Minfilia

-

Pecorine

Wait for orders
Ask Narmaya if the deal is still on

Learn Minfilia’s location and status

They need to learn her location whereabouts
Find a good location for sniping

Find more about Pervese’s deal with Reformist’s church

Travel to the east and find Nana Clarita, update her about what is happening currently

Hermanian Man, about a foot taller, blue eyes and light brown hair goes by the name Zurich.

Session goals:

People of magic is here
Marquez brought me to the warehouse #16
30 men
Narmaya turned Marquez into her vampire spawn
Hedwig saw some fellows who are with Machados who are leaving
Gentleman Zurich brought out
Sorcerer of wild magic

Recap:

Hedwig offers to have a friendly duel with Leonid
Narmaya commands Marquez to bring her to the warehouse where they’re supposed to bring Products then she swept all of Pervese men dead rescuing the “Products” which are children with special abilities
Narmaya turned Marquez
Narmaya asked Marquez to bring Somme to the warehouse to handle things
She goes back to the boat and asked Marquez to follow Somme’s commands
Minfilia tricked Zurich on signing the contract with her blood and spent her last spell slot to dispel the magical pen for a few seconds
Then she goes with Zurich to warehouse 16 to check on one of the dead body that survived an assault
They saw the aftermath of Narmaya’s slaughter and confirmed that a little girl did the job with help of traitor Marquez
Minfilia suggested them to flee the scene as soon as possible 
While returning back to the Main house, Sensodyne appeared in front of them using her ability to travel through ethereal plane
She evaluated that Minfilia is working with the Pervese and was forced to sign a blood contract with the man named Zurich
She relayed what she saw to Pecorine and Anton then she decided to head to the ship alone
Pecorine and Anton went to the La Camaraderie’s HQ and reported to Somme what they saw outside the warehouse
Pecorine confronts Anton about their “Fling” she wants her to be taken seriously and only wants to make happy memories without a solid answer, she heads out and goes to Ironhead inn and she took her remaining stuff back
Mystine travels to the East alone and witnessed the effect of the white drugs to people
Mystine healed Clarita’s blindness and stayed to help her clean her territory
Mystine offers her hand on cleaning the street of addicts

SESSION GOALS

Hedwig

Stay at the festival and keep Pervese busy
Continue watching both parties
After the festival, go back to the bog and help the hags of hama
Contact Somme for an update

Narmaya

Head back to the boat and talk to Levy about what had happened to the warehouse
Tell Levy that she is convinced that someday the unknown vampire will visit her and she needs thralls for she’s unsure if the vampire may have already created an army of creatures of the night. When that time comes, she has to be the one to slay him.

Mystine

Use your familiar to heal people who are affected by the magical drug in Clarita’s territory
Stay at Clarita’s territory and offer your help

Minfilia

Head back to Pervese house with Zurich
Wait for Rosamunda Pervese and talk to her. Tell her to stick to her whore business and not deal with slavery.
Warn her about dealing with the Reformist’s church and she should restore peace. Tell her to conduct a meeting with the four pillars of the east. Gold won’t be able to save her in the future. Magic will.
Offer your service to Rosamunda as a translator

Pecorine

Find Sensodyne and check what’s she’s up to
Tell Sensodyne the truth and ask for her forgiveness
Head back to the ship and talk to Anton. Offer to break-up so he wouldn’t worry about hurting her feelings whenever he wants to admire other women but confess to him what Pecorine truly feels
Give the box of cum to the other succubus


Check on Narmaya and Father Levy, remind them to get in the cage.
Stay up all night and help with guard’s duty

Sensodyne (alias Nareena)

Head back to the warehouse and make sure to erase vampire marks or anything that may link to Narmaya and Rozen Maiden
Investigate about Minfilia’s plans. Use your telekinetic bond with whom you charmed earlier. Don’t make yourself known to either Minfilia or Zurich. Minfilia is working along and walking on dangerous waters. Help her as much as you can
After learning Minfilia’s motives. Head to the Miller’s street and investigate the boy named Benoit and learn why he’s interested with Pecorine
Head back to the ship and report everything to Somme
Ask Jethro politely if he could lend his kitchen to her so she could bake good bread for breakfast

SESSION **

Gigi Dupont came to the festival to pay respect and greet Hedwig
Regis Langlois (Councilor) stepped out of his rickshaw
Hedwig wants to talk to all the counselor regarding the next step forward (***)
Special dispensation of troops from Apgarian Military (exemptions of treaty)
Ines takes Counselor’s Regis’ life and johnny
Pervese asked her to investigate Hedwig and her crew
Rozen Maiden (La Camaraderie) Dock 12 or Dock 13
Inez met 2 women who are deckhands, Luna and Margaery
George. A manwhore
Oskar (another crew member)
Quartermaster? (they seem to hesitate to introduce me to their QM)
Firstmate
Trajan has weird fetish
Hedwig / Held
General Strandiz (prim and proper)
Strandiz is prepared to do something
There are people who started asking him to sell drink (Mystine’s mission)
Distributor. Machado is taking over this place
The mage has a spellbook that’s sealed with a key
Mystine takes a coin purse full of rubies (100 gp)
Assert control
Special spell can only be triggered if the people around him is affected by magical drugs
Mage is the collector. Mystine is currently torturing him.
The person who gives commands is Alexandra’s pet. The guy described the person
Brought here from Mehicania. Alexandra’s pet, a guy. Quite not right in the head.
Three distribution points and there’s also one in molrone st and Bastille street, each of those have one caster.
Most of them had gone to the festival of the fall
meeting Alexandra’s pet at the stables with Alexandra to go to the bog
Inez creeps in Rozen Maiden
Hedwig received a sending from Strandiz
Blue eyed Zurich is a cleric
Their hands are blighted
Silhouette of a person

RECAP **

Gigi Dupont arrived at the festival and she talked to Hedwig about the council meeting
Regis arrived shortly, parading with two young women.
Inez lured Regis to his mansion and killed him for her own enjoyment
Inez escaped and went to her Pervese mission which is to spy on a woman named Helda Stark
She gathered information about this new ship named Rozen Maiden
Inez met two women at a tavern called Le Maison. She brought them a drink and tricked them to give her a short tour of the boat.
Inez was able to go to the boat but got caught by an old man named Strandiz (an ex veteran) and he asked her to leave the ship and she did
Inez snooped around the ship and found a lot of weird things
She also calculated the ship’s crews and their weapon
Inez want to snoop around some more but forced to leave because one of the crew caught her and injured her with a spear (Caedus)
Sensodyne covered Narmaya’s vampire tracks and she investigates more about the Pervese and Minfilia’s plans
Sensodyne got a rickshaw driver to enjoy amenities of Pervese pleasure house so the guy owes her (4 favors in total)
Inez continues to spy on the Rozen Maiden even after her injuries
Pecorine arrives at the boat and rushed to recover scent of the intruder which she successfully tracked
Inez was able to strike first, poisoning and injuring Pecorine
Pecorine was saved by Sensodyne and brought back to the ship for healing
Sensodyne reported to Somme everything she did and what happened and Minfilia’s betrayal (?)
Mystine continues to clear Clarita’s streets and managed to capture a spellcaster who told her that the other collectors went to the bog with Alexandra (Machado daughter)
Inez rushed back to the Pervese main house to report directly to Zurich about the encounter with Rozen Maiden’s crews (while Minfilia is within earshot)
Minfilia strike a deal with Rosamunda about peace and severing her connections with the Reformist’s church and the slavery trade in exchange of the soul gem
Rosamunda wants to transfer her soul to Benoit’s body (16 yrs old male teenager prostitute who flirted with Pecorine at the festival)
Minfilia reveals a lot about herself and her backstory to Rosamunda and the Zurich twins
Zurich twins has two blighted arms that nullifies magic
Inez felt useless compared to the young woman who has high magic ability, she left the room frustrated and was asked to return in the morning.
Minfilia strikes another deal with Zurich that if she solved the magic puzzle about their arms. She is free to ask for a favor from each of the twins.

Session goals:

Hedwig

After the festival, return to the bog and help the coven defend the bog.
Invoke a council meeting

Narmaya

Ask Strandiz to chain you. “There are no written words or contracts but just a simple promise between friends. Bart promised to teach me how to put this monster to use and how fate works that his great grandson now fulfills it.”



Mystine

Continue helping Clarita in her territory
Report to Somme about Alexandra and her men’s plan on traveling to the bog

Minfilia

Prepare the spells, necessary for today’s activities
Know the location of Mystine via sending spell and meet with her but not in Rozen Maiden. Tell her what happen and the deal with Rosamunda
Tell her about Lannesiana Cicero being an assassin for hire and not just a model
Talk to Sensodyne and entice her with the identity of the assassin who almost killed Pecorine which she couldn’t believe
Head back to the Pervese and prepare for a four pillar meeting
Talk to Inez Cicero and recruit her (citing it’s good to have a skilled person who doesn’t have magic abilities in their side)

Pecorine

Help Strandiz with Narmaya and Levy
Finally, talk to Sensodyne about the truth

Sensodyne

Talk to Minfilia and ask for 10,000 GP in exchange for her involvement with Pervese.
Make the assassin pay for what she did to Pecorine
Track the assassin. Ask around about the assassin's guild. Get information from Jethro.

Inez

Warn Minfilia about trusting the Pervese too much. Trust and loyalty always has a price.
Who are these people? Why are they here? Rainoso’s peace is in jeopardy. Rozen Maiden is bringing people to Rainoso who shouldn’t be here. Troublesome crew.
Minstrel Hermes, The Ilustrados find out more about these people.
Rosamunda’s going to kill this Benoit kid for his body. Poor boy.
Can this mage teach me how to cast spells? I’m sure I have the ability, I just lack the training
Head to the hunter’s guild. (a hunting lodge) Ask around about these people. (Minstrel Hermes, Family Rosenkrantz, Ex-General Strandiz, Reformist’s church)




SESSION

TIME: 8:00 PM

Narmaya went to the dock and does guard duty
Mystine “We caught a machado collector, a spellcaster, all other spellcasters with alexandra traveling to a bog. They're on their way” to Hedwig 
Hedwig: “The Priest is still here but Rosamunda went back home an hour ago, we’ll finish and I'll go to the bog with Dom. I’ll tell Somme”
Hedwig travels to the bog with Dom
Knock spell
This is some sort of a torture play. He’s being punished by one thing
3rd Face Stealer (Stablemaster) Three faces. Changes to stablemaster, random carriage driver, one of the rickshaw driver
Face stealer is from another organization called Revivalist’s church. His organization isn’t well equipped.
Hedwig bought the Stable and named it to Dom
“Pass a message to Mystine. Leonidas is arriving he showed his true colors to Alexandra. You know what to do”

RECAP**

Minfilia made an effort to treat all the employees of Pervese whore house
[She spent time to befriend most of them and announce that she works for Rosamunda
Minfilia went to a couture shop as a way to be able to talk to Inez without the Pervese meddling
She went to Inez apartment and they talked about their future plans
Inez agreed to work with Minfilia if she proves herself first
Strandiz and the rest of the crew tried their best to restrain Narmaya in her vampire form
Narmaya manages to escape through the ceiling and she fed on Trajan and Pecorine
Sensodyne helped and they manage to down Narmaya
She also helped restraining the escaped Father Levy who turned into a Lycanthrope
Mystine sent a sending spell to Hedwig about Alexandra Machado’s mission to the bog
Hedwig asked Somme for help and after the festival. Both she and dom traveled to the bog
Hedwig manages to talk to Alexandra and her guards to stop and just go back to the East
Hedwig sent word to Leonid that she holds Alexandra as a hostage and he needs to retrieve her
Leonid with Somme, traveled to the edge of the bog where Hedwig and the others are waiting
A fight breaks between Leonid and Hedwig’s party along with the frogmen which Leonid manages to escape
Hedwig asked one of Alexandra’s casters to send a message to George Machado to fetch Mystine and go to Machado estate.
Mystine with George goes to the estate and they investigate Leonid’s works and the magic items he installed at the place

SESSION GOALS**

Hedwig

Check on the coven
Ask Denise Dubois to recruit more women into the coven
Go back to Rozen Maiden

Narmaya

Recover from last night’s events
Apologize to all the crew members about what happened last night
Mention to the others about the boat won’t be able to hold her transformation. Suggest that she needs a place to rest whenever it’s full-moon, away from civilization
Tell Hedwig about your plan on moving to Hugo

Mystine

Continue investigating the Machado Estate

Minfilia

See the last session goals

Pecorine

Talk to Sensodyne about the truth

Sensodyne

Find a way to talk to Minfilia and demand 10,000 GP in exchange of getting involved with the Pervese
Find a way to learn about the assassin’s identity (Ask Jethro if he knows a place)

Inez

Learn more about Benoit and find a way on how to warn him about his coming doom

SESSION**

Mystine had found wards inside the Machado household
Mystine found a lead box inside is an amulet with Machado crest (magical) IDENTIFY: Abjuration. Protects the user temp HP and from status effects
Black balls (explosives) smoke bombs
Dagger (non magical ornate)
Safe box behind an ugly painting.
White Orb (gives you magic)
Mystine and George fought a skeleton
Leonidas came with the free theater. Oskar and Alfred
Inez goes to the P.O. Box before heading to school
Stacks of magazines where she models
A slip of notes
Payment has been sent to the box
Piofiore Cram School
Edge of Pleasure (Jaren works there, a classmate of Inez)
Benoit (a young person who has an important role) A floor manager
Hey fatty, where are you? We’re going to meet your friends right? Reply with location and i'm free right now
SENSODYNE: Hunter’s lodge. Assassin hired by all sort of things

RECAP**

Mystine finishes her mission at the Machado household and disabled wards as much as she can. She also did an investigation and was able to take 3 magical orbs
She barely escaped confrontation from 2 members of Free theater and Leonidas
She paid and healed some poor people to hide her after she escapes she heads back to the Rozen Maiden
Inez dropped by the post office to get fan mail and packages. One of them is a ring (could be magical)
Inez went to cram school and she thought she could investigate more about Benoit (a person of interest to Rosamunda)
Inez asked a classmate named Jared to introduce her to someone who knew Benoit
After cram school she met and invited them to her apartment
She manages to make them believe that her stalker could be this person Benoit
Inez received a letter from Minfilia telling her to come to the docks to pay for her crimes
Inez thought she could use her friends as a cover to scout first
Hedwig, Somme, Cotto and Dom heads back to Rozen Maiden and she holds a meeting with the officers and people involved with their plans
They update themselves and reported to Hedwig all of the recent events
Sensodyne comes clean regarding her troubles and goals. She made a deal with Hedwig and her crew to help her find a way to get them back to where they belong
To settle debts, Hedwig suggest to fight their heart out so they could befriend and hire the assassin Inez
Inez went to the docks and was caught in a fight with Sensodyne
She then introduced to the Rozen Maiden crew
SESSION GOALS**

Hedwig

Head to Clarita’s house and accompany her to the four pillars of the east that’s requested by Rosamunda Pervese
Look for more people to hire and can be trusted to become deckhands
Prepare plans on rescuing Alexandra from the free theater and from Leonidas

Narmaya

If she wakes up before the meeting. She’ll volunteer to go as Hedwig’s bodyguard
She has to transform into her adult form

Mystine

Get enough rest and spend time to process all Illuvia’s assets and documents

Minfilia

Head back to the Pervese house and go to the meeting place with Rosamunda Pervese

Pecorine

Go to the docks and wait for Benoit to fulfill the bet

Sensodyne

Wait for orders but suggest to stay in the boat 

Inez

Get to know this Benoit boy
Find a suitable painter that has the caliber of Marina Visconti’s work
Learn more about the Rozen Maiden and ask around about Magic
Jared (working as a bartender in Edge of Pleasure, a friend of Sara who’s also Margery’s friend)

SESSION**

Pecorine writes a report to Girard and she plans to send it along with her assignment
Hedwig brings Narmaya along with her
Narmaya asked Marquez to stay at the ship
Hedwig brought Narmaya with her and they go to Clarita
Minfilia proceeds to infiltrate the Pervese Family
She uses her knowledge with magic and military background to gain their trust
Inez went to Rozen Maiden to ask about the meeting location and Strandiz talked to her
Inez is aware that the old man is a pervert
Pecorine and Anton met with Benoit who’s wearing a Chinchilla costume
They went to Slider, a burger place near Les Escargot
Pecorine questions Benoit about his life choices
Minfilia with the Pervese Family went to the meeting location
Minfilia had a sexual intercourse with the twins inside the restaurant’s bathroom
Hedwig and Clarita’s entourage arrives
The meeting was all about how would each of them wants to overthrow Leonidas and help the Machado Family with their problem

SESSION GOALS**

Hedwig

Convince the Bouillards to Ally with your crew and offer to help them

SESSION RECAPS**

Continuation of meeting with the 4 pillars of the east. Each of the Family will share resources, informations and people to help eradicate the Free theater and Leonidas out of the Island
Nana Clarita will send people to gather information, Rosamunda will send some spellcasters including Minfilia and Zurich (which of the twins are still unknown), Renault will help gather information using his knowledge as a smuggler, he’ll also send Oliver Savoy. George Machado will represent himself.
Minfilia summons Sensodyne and introduces her to Rosamunda and to the Zurich twins.
Rosamunda asked for Sensodyne to investigate if Mary Ann is really a vampire or just a mere Succubus like herself. Sensodyne does what she asks and disappears but before that the twin’s odd hands caught her attention and a sudden rush of past memories occurred to her. She thinks these twins are the kids who had summoned her before.
Minfilia shares her hatred towards the Free theater and Leonidas. She tells them she’s been aching to kill each of them and turn them into a monster and she won’t hesitate to use everything she got to fulfill her revenge.
The sudden rage made Minfilia hungry and so she devoured a whole plate of lamb chops which surprised Rosamunda. Rosamunda tells her about her daily routine with Benoit.
Minfilia goes back to the Rozen Maiden to check on Hedwig and the crew. She sees Adam, Anton and a newbie Jared working on the weapon for the boat.
Anton tells her that he and Pecorine are planning to join the underground fight and use it to tell Benoit about Rosamunda’s deal with Minfilia regarding the soul gem
Minfilia decided to join as well and asked some of the crew if they’re willing to team up with her. After asking a few people she ended up with George Machado who got nothing to do at the moment much of her dread.
Minfilia went to ask if Justin is willing to train with her for a whole month in exchange for her right eye. Telling him that it’s just a bet between friends.
Minfilia stayed at Rozen Maiden until dinner, waiting for Hedwig and Somme.
After the meeting, Hedwig goes back to the Rozen Maiden to rest. She noticed Inez was on deck. She seduced Somme to perform sexual intercourse with her and Inez because of jealousy.
Hedwig gathers her crew and decided to bring Cotto, Pecorine, Somme, Strandiz and Narmaya to meet with Renault Bouillard at his East Dock #5. “I want to talk to Daniel” is the phrase they used to enter the private dock.
Hedwig tells Bouillard about Oskar and what her crew has done the past weeks.
Bouillard decided to hand the sword to Strandiz, an heirloom of his Family which Narmaya authenticated.
Bouillard shares his adopted son’s condition
Peck, hearing about his son’s abilities, assumes that he could be a Cleric of the Dreams, a kind of Divine power from the God of Dreams.

SESSION GOALS **

Hedwig

Look for the newly hired Facestealer and tell him to work on the ship
Get new information about the Free theater and the Machado estate’s status
Attend the installation of the new figurehead (Inspired by Narmaya’s transformation)
Plan on rescuing Alexandra from Leonidas

Narmaya

Offer your help to Hedwig
Stay in the boat

Mystine

Talk to the Painter about the collaboration shoot with Inez. Find a good location that’s similar to a hospital. Plan on using Minfilia.

Minfilia

Go to the underground fighting with George Machado. Buff him up before the fight. Use the name “Red Riding Hood” as an alias for the fight.
After the fight, head back to the Pervese estate. Get some rest
Send a sending spell to Oskar and ask him for status report

Pecorine

Go to the fight with Anton and use the name “Cinnamon Sparkledust”
Find the right time to tell Benoit about his fate and Minfilia’s deal with Rosamunda Pervese
Shop for parts with Anton for the Steel defender

Inez

Head back to Rozen Maiden and give the mechanical pencil you bought for Jared as a present.
Head back to the Pervese estate and ask Zurich about jobs for her but the truth is help Minfilia with whatever she needs. Protect her identity as well.

SESSION GOALS **

Preparation for Dinner at Savoy’s estate
News about Apgar asked by Strandiz to Renault
Free theater’s location
Underground fight
Hedwig sent Mystine to Renault
They’ve been using his ship to smuggle things in the island

SESSION

Auction for Justus
Venue is Calle Musica (Earliest tomorrow. 9am) Morning is a strange time for auctions.
Riche (Blacksmith)
Delard the Magnificent (Andre from the red book)
Andre Delard
Suggestion spell on Mung m(one of the dockhands)
Woman in green and black robes. “Aila” Yellow hair
Aila have someone they have met
One of the dock administrators. Allow them to dock, the sort of business they’re doing.
Aila (could be Poasahn/the 13/ or Reformist church)
Sensodyne fought Alfred and won
Pastor Nikita
A decipher device
Boldan - temporary dockhand who lives alone - rented a place in Buoyard.
Aika kills one of the casters
WHy are you sending these people to do exactly what?
They are trying to recover Alexandra’s body
In about 2 days there are observers from Senera that will be smuggled in.
One of the cliffside
2 Seneran observers. He had alerted the Senerans authorities that there is an apgarian military presence here.
Free theater people used to stage this Military activity
The Seneran observers are high level diplomats, someone who has close ties to the Monarchy. One of the free theater will kill them to spark an incident
It will happen soon
Clever piece of magic.
What's his name? Drego (northeastern name)
Drego got hired by Renault Bouillard

SESSION GOALS:

Hedwig 

Turn Nana Clarita into a Hag
Talk to Alexandra Machado about the Hags of Hama and her life
Head back to the ship after the whole process
Ask for an update from Strandiz

Narmaya

Head to Clarita’s territory to deal with the aftermath
Go to Levi to tell him what had happened to you after devouring one of the twins blood
Head back to Bouillard to switch posts with Mystine

Mystine

Continue guarding Alfred and Bogdan
Get an update from Minfilia
Deliver the new information to Strandiz
Initiate a book club meeting with everyone

Minfilia

Get a status report regarding territory status
Prevent a war in the east by helping all sides of the four pillar
Meet the yellow haired woman (Aika)
Check what the twins are up to

Pecorine

Head to Hamlin and buy the parts of Steel defender for Anton

Inez

Head to cram school
Talk to Bouillard and get a small boat to scour the cliffside of the island
Rescue the two Diplomats. Get to them first before the free theater and explain the things that’s happening to the Island. We need a knowledgeable individual to tell them what’s happening on the island. (take Bouillard or Oliver Savoy)
Tell the Boullard boss, you are not that type of woman
Ask Drego to be your teacher in Magic

SESSION GOALS**

Narmaya drank Zurich’s blood and returned to her human form for a short period of time. She regains her taste of food and drink and changes her senses back to a human. 
Rino brings Alexandra Machado to the Hags of Hama
Monsieur Leonidas told Alexandra that the bog is a nexus of energy
Beacon bounds to a certain person it is meant to track her whereabouts
Book Club Meeting in Rozen Maiden 5 in the morning dock 12
A Battleship fight with Renault and Inez.
A Battleship made by a furniture maker from the 10th century made by Rako who operated in Chemise. It was made for a ship and a merchant prince from one of the free holds.
A pair of sending stone and an orb is won by Inez from Cotto
She sells it to Renault Bouillard for a thousand gold but she still owes him 4000 GP
Renault won a bet against Inez and will take her on a date in Montrabar
Magical Encoder (Identified by hedwig) An inscription and encryption device. Write in a piece of paper and base on the settings encoding. Decode or decrypt the message.
Westward side seneran side. Le fare faliq cliffside.
Hedwig got the declassified ammunition guide
Minfilia got serebian desserts
Renault got erotic chronicles of the divine masochist
Narmaya got gentleman’s guide
Levi got power overwhelming
Mystine got The poetic rendition of the philosophies of rand
Somme got the dirty magazines
George got pegging for beginners
Strandiz the delights of exposure
Oliver got how to train your dragon
Jethro got 31 days of great sex
Jean Paul got monstrous of the grand duke
Inez got autoerotic and asphyxiation
Cotto got the homecooking secrets of the bison
Domme - Mixologist guide drinks to apgar
Sensodyne - Rita repulsa beats the power rangers
Inez traded auto erotic asphyxiation to monstrous dick of the grand duke
Minfilia traded serebian desserts to ammunition
Jethro traded gentleman’s guide
Mute zurich’s real name Hans Von Paracelsus
Aika learns his name from a fey creature she summoned
Zurich is missing. (mute) taking some bones for Minfilia being unearthed by Poppyheads
Aika, ines’ friend. Direct plants to do what she wished
Delard The Magician
Paula Abdul
Andre Arkett
Max Murray (Lycanthrope)

SESSION GOALS*

Hedwig 

Head to the auction in Calle Musika
Lure Justus Trafalgar and get him to talk more about the Reformist’s church presence in the island

Narmaya

Head to Calle Musika and bring the diary owned by a cleric of Minerva named Jacques Richelium (Embossed symbol of his Marking)
Sword made by Riche
8 Gold Bar with the seal of dragonheart, seal is dated 1000 AI
A piece of paper with the saying “Payment of 8000 GP for the assassination of the Estregan king”
Book called “The Countess Carmilla” by Laura Le Fanu
Head to the auction and bring one of your guys with you maybe Le Petit Tigre

Mystine

Offer help with Rosamunda and talk about opening the hospital
Bring Captain Jean Paul and get the painter to paint the auction

Minfilia

Offer to help with the missing Zurich and tell Zurich about the Demon he could’ve summoned.
Inez

Talk to Zurich and offer your help to find his Brother. Assure him that her friend Aika won’t bring harm to him and they’ll reappear in a short time. Ask if she could go to the auction as one of the helpers. She’s interested in the items that are going to be present.
Offer your help to Renault regarding the diplomats. 

SESSION

Manfred Jones - Rosamunda’s most trusted authenticator of antiquities. He specializes in making sure every item is authentic and good quality and assesses their values. He has a monocle on his eye, lop-sided top hat and white feather on his right ear. His coat has a train in it and a bow tie. He’s in his 50s.
Format of the auction. (Rosamunda asking Manfred)
Mathematician named Carlos Zuckerman
Manfred isn’t affiliated with magic that’s not affiliated with the military. How is he using magical tools? He is a magic-user
He dedicated himself to self-study. One of his ways that he had gotten himself into the current industry he works in is by seeking out and understanding books from antiquity.
The format would be. The master of ceremonies would announce the sale of certain objects.
Take out slips of paper they would silently write their bids into these slips of paper. Each of the envelope has special symbol on it associated with the buyer
All of them are collected and given to the madam
(Items for auction) Scepter of fire shield, sword riche, journal of riche, hammer of riche, priest garment, piece of paper, book countess carmilla, 1 vintage wine bottle.
Auction Guests: Vice Mayor Durant, Councilor Emil, Denise Dubois infamous cousin accompanied by a distinct man
Hedwig hears someone about Regis
Every saturday there are parties in his house (vice mayor)
Inez got invited
Deviled egg guy (?)
Some of the guys here and women are partaking the delights of pervese
A woman not so old (30s) asked Inez for water. Antoinette. Bloody Mary and club soda betrothal Anthony. Dubois
Inez see a couple of other workers starts pushing silver platters towards the center of the room
4 plate armor with a seal of riche embedded with it. The item had been recovered from the battlefield in Helm in ancient strega. 
Gentleman beside Narmaya’s table. Torus Balenbano. Recently kicked off the guy from the Island.
Gentlemen want some drinks. Cosmopolitan, Dirty Martini, Ice cold water, Rose wine
Grandmother Leonora (died in Burtz)
Having to deal with Sanari
She sent a candle bearer. Asking for directions to the restaurant Les Escargot. The candle. About the height of the GM.
If he disappears it’s not the reformist he had to hide.
Myrrian is allied with the reformist’s church, they are still Ahurian but they believe that their prince has turned reformist and so he’s following him.
Prince of Myr is a Reformist's church. He’s reformist but he’s not aware that he’s being twisted by the reformist’s church
Hedwig offered Justus a good way out from the Reformist’s church. By paying all his debt of 50k to the Myrrian Trading Co.
Hags of Congenial of Sanary

SESSION GOALS**

Anthony McRee - Antoinette Dubois’ fiance
McCree - Family owners of Sugar plantations. Sugar empire. The most recent news I heard about them, the reason they had waned is because they had numbers of slaveables. Scultz Island is not in Apgar. I’ve heard from my Father that they owned slaves.
Hedwig invited Andtoinette and Guillerma to join the hags of hama

SESSION

Minfilia spotted 4 wizard and 4 fighters, one of them has yellow eyes
Tim guards the front door while Marshall guards the backdoor
George is currently staying in house of pleasure
Rosamunda is currently stressed about the twins’ loyalty
Marshall melds into stone to hide himself while guarding
Rosamunda’s mirror inside her room. (A mirror of reverse scrying)
The other pair of mirrors is in apgar. Specific location: ordered to take the mirror here
The order came from Sanari under the hospices of the great bishop (walburton)
Legitimate docks. Marie Carla (boat name) arrived the day before yesterday
Mirror was riding with Laura, one of the guards who’s converted very recently.
Minfilia tortured beryl and turned her undead
Where are you heading? Ordered to head back to sanari
She talked to Martina, her liaison. She’s who she contact if there’s news
She ordered to carry information
Alfred is a monk of the order of the long death based in alsatian mountains. Closest town is salermo.
They’ve been hired by Leonidas to further his goals. He made a deal with Paula Abdul. (hundred thousand gold and an item of extremely rare value. A broach)
Alfred’s goal is to protect her interest mainly to be protector of Leonidas, same as Oskar.
Delard’s goal and his efforts is to provide diversion to those in power here.
Abdul’s goal is to entertain the seneran guests. Somewhere in the west side of the island
She had made small mundane items with an insignia.
A person to watch out to is Minfilia
Max Murray’s job would be espionage. She has a special ability. She can transform into a cat, a lycanthrope. Makes it easy for her to move around.
She’s here to look for potential military presence on the island. To present them to seneran as prisoners to prove that the treaty is being broken.
These senerans are already working with Leonidas.
One of the ways for Paula to maneuver to make him pay a handsome amount
Leonidas was kicked out
It’s been made official for him to keep a face. It’s been said he is to retire but in truth he is forced to retire.
Leonidas, why is he here? He wants the deep lore
He plans to find an entrance in the hama’s tears
Morrow monster, anthropologist, under some mushroom. His a willing user of this item
Transforms himself into a person, he has a true form
He would be with Paula. She acts as if the monster is her pet. She makes use of the enhancement of his senses.
It is something to do with his goals
Mystine is currently helping bouillard’s docks
Tanduarian vases that contains green liquid similar thing we found in walburton estate.(fluid of aberration) it is meant to put you to sleep while you transform
The vases aren't supposed to be here, that box should contain flower pots
Earthenware ware flowerpots terracotta ones
Port imago they stopped over racos palma
Headed towards sanari
4 vases of aberration
Guy in imago told him that they’ll just switch the items, he didn't want to make a fuss and add paperwork. He paid the quartermaster 100 gp. Morrow.
Dock 15. Received by the people in the ground there. The people ordered it. Laura Faustina
Sent to them take orders and have been doing this and saw her names a lot in the manifests
Mccree has connections with the reformists
They attacked the machado estate. Narmaya killed 3 casters and took 1 necromancer.
New orb, an absorber. Siphon magical energy
Revenant (oskar was turned into this)

Session

(Save Anthony’s wife) - Hotel Revolutionary. Anthony knows there’s 2 of them pretending to be his staff. Anthony’s family has been dealing with the reformists. He’s been sent to boarding school. His parents are teaching him ways to deal with the reformists. His family had been doing slaving ever since even before the reformists.
Entire network of smuggling and slavery.
Room 321. How many attendants are there? The hotels have guards. There’s only two we know about to worry about.
Hedwig and Somme met Andre Arkett who’s pretending to be a rickshaw driver
Hedwig attacked the servants (Malvin and Malva)
5 Potions of healing
Hedwig takes Antoinette as her official lawyer
Hedwig asked Viktor to take the couple in his house for safety
Hedwig took Malvin as prisoner
Minfilia’s undead aberration pet (Randy)
Narmaya was approached by a middle-aged man and thanked her
Girardo, he works as the head chef
Nun who defected. Sister Laurencia, she went there with the Monsignor
Nun named Laurencia. 
Leonidas has a real beacon, the one in machado estate is a prototype
Zurich has a pen that able to draft magical contracts
Last thing Alfred remember about the other member’s locations is at the iron side inn
Narmaya found a little girl inside a roadside inn being hidden in the attic by her parents (a greenskin)
They headed north. They’re very secretive about their destination. She is with younger fellows.
James Corden (One of the Senerans) He said he is a thespian
Nathan (Whistling sound) He could be a bard
One of the foundations smells like roses. It’s not rose scented it has Paula’s scent
The walls have its scent
Small document bag. A screenplay. Working title “The last battle of sanari, the taking of raibon island” Cheesy production of number of seneran soldiers
Nathan (Writer) Curly hair, fits the hair that I have, he has yellow eyes, long face and thick scraggly beard.
Paula (Actress) He maneuver Paula to bring them here for free
Research for their next roles
3 more days. She said she has to deal with some business. Some gentleman from Senera has a business with her
She’s from a family of nomads
On the desk, he is currently writing on. There are books contains famous plays
Pocket of his duffle bag. An ounce of weed
In the trash is a front page of a play
They’re suppose to interview the kincades
You actually met a fairy
Narmaya’s not sure if these two are the seneran diplomats they are waiting for. (nathan and james)
They’ve been brought here by Paula. They aren't diplomats. A letter found with Paula Abdul’s writing about her inviting these two and hosting them.
Travel details and itinerary. They are planning to talk to the kincades. Small tour that’s hosted by Paula Abdul and a random person who knows a lot about the island. Travel group from Senera. They’re have been here for 5 days
Marquez delivered news from Narmaya that she found a trail of Paula Abdul.
She is with two Seneran individuals
29 Rescued staff of El Casa Grande who had revolted against Leonidas
George is having trouble going down the basement
Oskar was turned into a revenant
Delard was mind blown when Leonidas showed them the orb
Minfillia identified the orb. (Orb of absorption, is one of the orbs of magic. A magic source that is close proximity to it will lose a spell slot that is next to it. It is siphoned to the orb)
Minfillia identified the beacon (beacon of necromantic energy, prototype. Will raise any body not specifically cleansed as long as any sentient creature. Failed save the creature with)
Mystine casts Suggestion to Andre Arkett
Paula Abdul is currently acting as a delegation for diplomats from Seneran. No right to do any of that.
They have been goaded to go here. She knows them through some friends of hers, who call themselves thespians.
The diplomats are on tour
Max Murray’s target right now is assassination. She is to enter the homes of politicians who have been known to collaborate with reformists. Durant Family first
Narmaya woke up in argument between Nate and James
James inhaled the mushroom that Narmaya planted in his belongings
Nathan uses charm person to a woman named Carla
Minfilia heads to the Rozen Maiden
Leonidas is already have entered Hama’s tears
Alfred overheard a discussion between Paula and Andre about a green liquid. He accidentally heard them before he was captured by Sensodyne. All he heard is she was bringing in vases containing green liquid that Delard should have the docks ready for its arrival.
Delard convinces him that he's a vagrant, that he’s a homeless man whose family had betrayed him. He’s somewhere in the streets of Mayon. He was alive. He could still be in the capital. According to Alfred Panet

Session goals

Leonidas used a Machado boat with the family insignia
Carapace and claw of a crab. It is a little too large for a crab
Cap of waterbreathing, acquired by Minfilia
Minfilia saw 4 giant crab with someone behind them
Green liquid is found inside the crates in the cargo hold
Three reformist’s church is following Leonidas’ ship
Enchantment orb and orb of delayed fireball
Prisoner’s name: Leslie, he’s from pig arse farm
Flopsy (flumph) Far realm
Machado ship is sighted, Rozen maiden stopped at 500 ft
Capacity of the ship is 50. On the deck excluding the undead 10 alive, at least 2 skeletal amalgamations, 11 skeletons on the deck
There is a chain that goes underneath the water and it’s not moving
The chain goes deeper
Sea life is floating around the area, a school of fish that seems to be floating up the surface, these fish are dead
The little ship (machado vessel)
13 of them
Bathysphere (a device for really rich people use these devices to go in deep parts of water)
Leonidas and his men are all in there for 4 hrs and brought 5 people with him
He feels that there might bodies there that he could animate
Pablo Rodriguez (Firstmate)
Somme, Dom, Hedwig, Minfilia, George, Lev and Alfred
Old fountain with a statue and old estregan script that says “The mighty and cunning hama, founder of the white witches” She’s holding a staff containing a flame
Hedwig starts seeing something, there’s a line of fiber that comes out of fingers. Myconid network Shooting out on various directions
Minfilia looks for whoever crafted the hama statue. “Rose Beaulieu”
2 more water creature dead, they are without skeleton

Session

Hedwig and her group woke up around 7 in the morning.
Hedwig gave gifts to the sea spawn. Groak told her about a curse that the white witches inflicted on them and a promise to break the curse once they’ve dealt with Leonidas
Minfilia was able to detect traps that leonidas and his men planted
They encounter a large door that probably leads to the nexus point or the grand mushroom
Hedwig and her group defeated Leonidas
Central orb
Nexus point - a massive orb
Underneath this humongous orb is a seemingly unending pit filled with green liquid. Similar to the green liquid that the reformist had used.
It’s dripping at the very bottom of the orb
Hedwig used her boon to grant the promise of the white witches to the sea creatures
They represent link to various planes of existence
Far realm is where the deep lore came from
Use of the fluid
Justin’s backstory, rattle was carved by an old man. The item is sold in the street. A kindly woman in 30 yrs old well worn with life, her face lined with wrinkles. She seems to have come from a grueling job. She looks like Justin. She walked back to the section of the slum. One of the freeholds, freehold of turin. Mehicanian refugee. Minfilia had been here. She started coughing. Her home is a small house, she began cooking a meager amount of food and turned it into porridge. Infant son, malnourished. She gave the rattle to the baby. Eventually some time went by, and she coughed a lot of blood. Leaves the basket in front of the temple of Minerva. The mother had fallen to the ground in the middle of the slums. She died. We have to exhume her body.
South of Apgar, half a month's journey. 
Conroy rich old guy
Conroy Sinclair - Sinclair shipping
Book (dead language) Meditations of a skeptic of sophistry
Book #2 (Arzadadi)
One of the books are bound by partially corroded lead
Covers are lead and spine is covered by lead strands
He bought it bec he thinks it is interesting
A spellbook
He bought it in parpelisse flea market
Zurich becomes Wilhelm and mute zurich’s name is Hans
Rituals of Cannibalism
The mushroom is used to improve the taste of human flesh.
The people in Morrow island actually have prepared it in a certain way so it won’t become addictive.
Narmaya reached Tresemmer with Conroy Sinclair, Beaumont, James and Nathan
Manhunt for Andre Delard is happening perpetrated by The Kincades
Spellbook in old Kalasar. It has only one really long spell. 10th level spell, Move mountain. Entire spell fills the entire spell book (5,000 gp)
A heretic who calls himself divine. A disputation on the teachings of the “divine” masochist by Rabbi Al Arzadadi
Rabbi Al Arzadadi is a legendary well known teacher and philosopher, he is known to be someone who’s outspoken about the divine masochist when he’s alive. The last known copy of this book is seen in the year 500. (2,000 gp)
Large northerner man. (flancer kincade), Paula Abdul,
Finrod Kincade. Brother of Flancer
Mauritius Clearwater (head accountant of coin spinners)
Ralph (Platemail bastard)
Kincade needs their support
Replace that goes stale
Bartender (Giorg)
Marble jacuzzi
Diplomats (Seneran) Magic casters. Rotund individuals. Similar case of male pattern baldness, curly and kinky. Shorter one has a birthmark roughly of shape seneran left butt cheek.
If he didn’t do what he did. They’re trying to be legitimate.
Play a game
Paula Abdul has something and brought them and the coin spinners and they’re preparing a very lucrative deal as supplying arms to peacekeepers.
Bouillards are attacked. Smokescreen as a legitimately good person. Good enough actress that makes it seem enough. Schemes 
Narmaya uses succubus juice and Moreaux mushroom, used the drugs and gave it to the diplomats and Paula Abdul and also Flancer Kincade. He is killed by Finrod Kincade. Paula is still alive and one of the senerans had bitten her genitals. Finrod decided that Paula is the fall-guy of all the things that happened.
Finrod wears a studded leather armor
Tanner Macola (Public relations) administrator for internal affairs
Tanner (Illusionist)
Crossbow (magical) It is not cursed but a person may embed an item or something that would tie it to them. Mental command that can be triggered within two miles of the weapon to be disabled. A piece of magic that is attempted to be concealed, that there is another item, separate magical item that gives a person with a paired item a number of this at time.
Hedwig asked Minfilia to demonstrate how the green liquid works by forcefully feeding it to Paula Abdul.
Albertus Seagull (Architect) He is killed
Ship, Master of puppets (moving magical creature inside)
Moving magical cat (could be a familiar?)
Black cat (Master of Puppets)
Captain Bjorn Montgomery - Apgarian Last name
Narmaya went to the docks to kill some time to check for possible location of Max Murray
Max Murray’s goal is to assassinate politicians in Raibon Island
Narmaya got a leg of a marionette from one of the puppets

Session goals:

Meet with the two thespians, James and Nathan who are guests at Sinclair mansion
After the meeting with the two, meet with Conroy Sinclair and Beaumont Rivett
Head to the bog and invite Beaumont Rivett to further see what the Hags of Hama once used to be.
Form a small expedition team to the town of hama (must bring 1 member of the hags)
Write teleportation scrolls and give it to Minfillia and search for the corpse of Justin’s mother (bring george and justin and another one who’s willing to tra[


Session

Narmaya booked a room in Shining serpent and purchased dresses
Narmaya sets up a meeting between the kincades and the two thespians (james and nathan) Seneran diplomat (Edmar Pritchett)
They share the same patron who traveled here together.
The thespians are trying to work on a screenplay that involves piracy
Premiere pirating group in the north
She mentioned that she would be dealing with Pritchett and Maxwell. Discuss sort of things, they mention that they are diplomats.
Meeting with Sinclair and Beaumont Rivett (Around noon)
Minfilia sends a message to Cotto. “Bring the rozen maiden here in tresemmer now. Leave people involve w/ pervese’s case in Rainoso. Tell Tigre to prepare for the expedition. Captain Order”.
A sending spell was sent to Hedwig from Wilhelm. 
Minflia accompanied by Tanner sorts the docks out and searches for green liquid
One of the deckhand has a locket made of lead
Lead strong box, headed towards Mr. Vanderbick. Sent by Mr. Weyland from Sanari part of courier service. Not regular customer
Entire box is made of lead, Inside is a very beautiful figure. Note: “Dearest Vanderbick, I was in a flea market with Elsa and I saw this figurine and immediately thought of you. Xoxo Weyland”
A porcelain doll of nightmares, (cursed) Note: I found this doll in a shop in one of the boutiques in Sanari. 
Barrel with oil (abjuration)
Poasah
Wayward son, heading back to port imago. Quartermaster Albus (non-caster)
Tanner is an apprentice of a man named Wulfrick (Wizard) There were a couple of notable wizards from the freehold that they were apprentice by him. He’s a nomadic, travels up north. Teach him for a year.
Tandur horsemen
Travel the steps of the north, they buy themselves books
Kindly oldman who likes to read books

Session goals:

Meeting with friends and the crew of Rozen Maiden. Who to send to locate Max Murray and places to search. (Possible members to send: Narmaya and Pecorine due to their ability to hunt specific monsters and magical creatures. Alfred to make the hunt more easier)
Invite the Kincades if they want to help the Rozen Maiden with exploring the town of Hama. (There are still 2 more ships owned by the reformist church, we failed to locate. And possible treasure) Leave Minfilia in Tresemmer with the Kincades.
Send Soree Marin on the same expedition as well to help establish the town of Hama. Bring resources. Food and fresh water etc.
2nd day of crafting teleportation spell scrolls for removing Justin’s curse permanently. (side-quest)

Session:

After the meeting we felt a faint magical aura
Hedwig sent Margaery to Edmar (Seneran diplomat)
Hedwig gave the thespians, 50 gp as a downpayment and living expenses
Hedwig asked Narmaya to get Jethro, Cotto and Anton
Hedwig asked Minfilia to arrange a short meeting with kincade bosses
Few miles north is the town of Hama. Half of their operation are there
6 boat trapped inside a cove where they hide their enterprise
Alfred and Pecorine are sent to hunt Max Murray
Margaery is wounded
Edmar Pritchett (Diplomat)
An attempt in his life. Margaery is feeding a cat. 
Piece of her claw embedded in her armor
Shining serpent inn.
Way of the long death - rogue organization based in alsatian mountain range, fascinated and studies how one person may die.
Pecorine and Alfred sneaks inside the Coinspinner’s building
Inside the room are stains of blood. A broom closet for cleaning implements
Some people are talking loudly as Pecorine and Alfred stealthily descends the stairs inside the broom closet
2,000 GP for the fanny pack to win
Wagering for some sort of a race
Alfred asked her about the Fool, he is not a vampire
House Bilmes
Kincades are using a Caravel, a little larger than a cog
The Freya. Catherine (Captain) Porridge (Firstmate) Fish sauce (Quartermaster) Land of setting sun (Husa)
7 people to be teleported
Hedwig, Minfilia, Narmaya, Finrod, Flancer, Tanner
Narmaya 12, Finrod 8, Hedwig 11, Minfilia 7, Tanner 4, Flancer 5, 
Kruska
Hedwig’s group and the kincades continues to explore the caverns under the town of Hama
They encounter many aberrations and monsters inside the cave
Flancer pulled a raw diamond from the burrow of a Gryk



Session 

Narmaya and finrod scouts ahead the group and check the tunnel
The water is a little brackish and cold
There’s people in the camps.
Finrod and Narmaya found the kincade ships
6 ships, 1 of them is ruined and destroyed
Narmaya smells magical blood. Weak
Hedwig’s crew met with the Kincades who are stuck in the cove
Renault Bouillard’s ship “leaky flagon”
Inez group brought Poplar and Emily to Rainoso



SESSION GOALS

Find a way to get the ships out of the cove, including the people that were stuck inside
Find more healers who are capable of restoring other people’s minds
Help Oskar clear his name and find out more about who killed the Savoy Patriarch (hint is Legare Durant)

SESSION:

Sea creatures who are living in the town of hama. Brokka
It could not have been existed
Some of the reformists ship have been sunk 
One of Tunar’s crew has a fever. His name is Hansel, he’s 18.
The Woden. Acting captain Tonita, previous captain’s name is Maurice.
The Wecta. Devon (Quartermaster, acting captain) Minfilia healed two sailors
The Beowa. Captain Girardo. Lead poisoning
The Eostre. Captain Munyr. Alcohol poisoning
Butt plug cat’s reflexes
Imp statue
Bouillard’s maid - Tina
Oliver wants to divorce Tanya
Renault, Oliver, Poplar, Strandiz, Emily, Alfred, Pecorine, Avis, Benoit
Some guy from the Pervese is laying low a bit and once they get their bearings straight
Anton identified Sending stone. Port Imago the other end. The guy he is contacting is somewhere used to come to a place called Brown Carrot. Moved to a mountain called Korad pass. The pair is in Korad pass

SESSION GOALS:

Talk to the Kincade pirates who brought Durant to Racos Palma
Get information about Durant’s motive on Savoy Patriarch assassination
Get information or obtain an invite to the Elite party
Talk to Martha about what the Intellect devourer showed her while being inhabited by one
Find the Elder brain
Get the last ship out of the cove

SESSION:

Durant has connections with the reformists (Regis)
Durant knows Isana (Regis)
Elite party (Regis and the current mayor and councilor gigi)
Hedwig and two sisters (Denise and Irene), Somme, Oskar, Tarran and Swan
Durant’s general policies about the east. He frequent Pervese. Nobody knows about their connection (Motive of Durant)
McFarland & McFarland law offices. Ian or Dyson (lawyers)
Dyson is a durant but uses Mcfarland’s surnames
Leila is married to Uncle Percy, Percival Savoy, cousin to Otto Savoy
Degare used to be an accountant for Nicolette Bouillard and he quit after Nicolette died
Once a month there’s party in hotel revolutionaire
This guy is a cousin of a particularly unsavory person (Regis)
Reginald DeVilla, Regis’ cousin, a councilman might know some information about the party
Nichol’s, a famous noodle shop in the east
Percival also died and aunt leila
A lawyer’s party
Mystine asks what they want to learn about these people


Degare Durant is a savoy cousin, dyson’s brother
Renault and Inez convinced Mystine to go to the lawyer’s party in exchange of possibility of meeting new investors for her hospital
Lawyers: Jason McNatt (Dubrey family lawyer on r&r), Jonathan Archer (constitutional lawyer), Randy Arnold (law consultant for some of the legislators, he’s working with gigi), Thomas Arnett (associate of randy, lawyer of regis langlois, Quinn Pratt (he works with Mr. Durant, he’s carmarian from carmar, central apgar)
They head to Quinn’s property
He was the one who bought the absinthe
He lives in a homestead, quartermain homestead
Mystine detect magic when they arrived at the barn
Heating element on the jacuzzi.
He hired a mage/wizard
Camden Debrailles
Quinn has a collection of war paraphernalias
Jonathan T. Archer, attorney at law, specializes in constitutional law.
Ship’s name. Skyline pigeon. Crew names: Captain Falcone Royland. They’re docked in a combination passenger crew. Lynch pin larry (firstmate) Ellich Frantille (quartermaster) They will be arriving in tresemmer in an hour
7pm move the boats
Hard Pebble trading company

SESSION

Minfilia asked Swan to buy her flan
Minfilia spent some time with her crew in rozen maiden
Plum and hedwig with the help of Fina and cotto fight intellect devourers who tried to attack the remaining kincades
Hedwig successfully teleported Flancer and the people who are carrying the ship to the port
Hedwig talks to one of the intellect devourer that Fina and Cotto captured. The intellect devourer is trying to show an image to Hedwig but failed. 
Martha recalled an image, she said it was trying to ease her on accepting them (intellect devourer)
Ilych, one of the members of skyline pigeon. He’s not a full caster
Randall, 3rd kincade caster
Fragard, backed an older branch of savoy
Falcone Royland, Captain of Skyline Pigeon (He used to be the first mate in the kincade flagship, the tiwar. Fragord’s ship
Lynchpin Larry (first mate)
Ilych (Range)
Minfilia casts zone of truth when she detects that this person is being suspicious
He has magic, he has a pendant on his neck. A pearlescent white orb. Bestower
He got it as a gift. Durant. Mr. Durant. Degare Durant
He said that he wants him to tell him when someone starts asking him about savoy’s death
He’s been paying him for years, every month and for years since return from racos palma. 100 gp/month
He was telling him he has a potential
Dead drop chest, a card to decipher it to use. To write something on the card and put it in the chest.
The one who’s missing is the one who’s here during durant’s stay. Hector Lavka (Southern)
Minfilia casts locate creature. Even if he were magic he doesn't have telltale signs. He is an elf. His location is in some 600 ft away

SESSION GOALS:

Interrogate the elf and the human bandit. Bring them somewhere but not in the kincade territory (Narmaya)
Fina and Cotto will head to the shining serpent to meet with General Strandiz, Emily and Poplar to discuss what to do with the aboleth and the pixie. Let the hags of hama know about the possibility of a fey crossing. (Fina, Emily & Poplar)
Meeting with Rick Savoy accompanied by Oskar in his rat form (Minfilia)
In the morning, prepare dock 12 for the teenage party. Make sure Marcus invites Michael Durant. (Avis and Pecorine)

SESSION

Dead drop chest with a matching pendant with a small bestower orb embedded in it so he could use the chest to deliver messages to Durant every 15th
Rick Savoy (In charge of patrols)
Marco Paulo (Training)
Leonila Tudor (Intelligence)
Trevor Ventega (Staffing) - He has a deal with Durant. He was asked to watch a ship Ana Maria from Sanari (A passenger ship that routinely goes to Sanari and Raibon Island)
Oliver (Head of Security)
Rick remembers that Degare Durant is a relative
He remembered when he saw a letter from a bank notice from Yutland national bank
Nicanor a mehicanian cousin married Lea Mendoza
Talk to one of the McFarlands and ask for the family tree
The notice’s content is telling him that he is granted rights as his next of kin.
It was a joint account between percival and leila and pending ownership from 5 yrs ago
Account numbers, not known to be any from any joint savoy or bouillard 
Tresemmer Accounts
Someone is using Percival and Leila account
Degare Durant is a yutlander
Minfilia and Oskar went to Dyson McFarland’s house in the east. They are escorted by Rick’s man named Becker
Mrs Lauderdale was hired the past year
She’s the governess
Minfilia casted Detect Magic
Dyson and Ian are cousin
Degare, Dyson and Leila as siblings
Who requested the family tree of Savoys and the direct family
He forgot he has a son
5 yrs ago, there is an internal matter that is related
Dyson also forgot about the events 5 yrs ago
Before lunch
Dyson has 4 children, 2 sons and 2 daughters
He first arrived here 5 yrs ago. He rounded his ears to belong.
Hector. Elven name: Heleran
There is a place here that feels magical
Ennis Garth
Savoy connection to Degare Durant.
First time he met Durant. When he was lost here and looking for some bearing
He was shouting to the rickshaw puller
He was a part of the crew called Skyline Pigeon owned by the Kincades
2 yrs ago has requested passage using that ship to racos palma to meet with a certain someone, an assassin. They are unsure.
A picture of a woman with a veil on her head
He gave durant a single feather
Deathangel
Ennis’ family is in an island close to here. An island called “Gilbrait”kf
Deathangel said that they’re safe
Picked-up daniel’s scent before
A feather came from a celestial
He is widely known in the north. Yutland, Sveland, Finland, Carlmarch
Al brait is calm and favorable. It’s about 2 hrs. He can tell about the others 
2 of them are really quiet and unsettling
They don’t drink alcohol and seem disgusted around them drinking alcohol
His body was a temple that made by some creator
Religious type individual
Last one is a mercenary, the way he talked is a little strained and anxious. He’s mostly like him
Not even 2 months
Dyson’s 4 children are corralled down
Eldest is Kimberly 15 yrs old, Gregory 13 yrs old, Yena 9 yrs old and Marion 8 yrs old
Governess Miss Lauderdale
Avis asked about the internal struggle in the savoy and bouillard
Leila, saying something about “Fragonard Kincade”
Blank gaps
Dyson Journal
“Seneran ships captured bouillard vessels.Somebody has falsely claims that they attacking myrrian shipping vessels, harmatian shipping lanes. Drafting for demands for settlements demands for exclamations and seize of this actions
“Pervese, house of pleasure in thatcher’s street is closed for business and construction begins in Miller’s street where it’s going to move”
Investigation by the peacekeepers led to the arrest and warrant to otto savoy, brigadine savoy and degare durant.
Nicolette doesn’t trust Degare Durant. Those accounts are altered. (this journal triggers dyson’s memory)
An investigation by the peacekeepers about possession of drugs
A whistleblower. A ledger that has those mentions of drug deals
At the time he was renault’s guard. His father was implicated also
I advise Otto not to take Avis to Papa Simbal. 
9th month, the case against the bouillards have progressed quickly. The black quill has been impounded (family flagship)
10th month, small fleet began raiding Myrrhian bearing markings of the bouillard family.
Dyson has 5 maids, 2 gardeners, 1 of the maids is a majordome, the governess Frances Lauderdale
4 guards
2 guards. They’re gonna be servers. Simon and Luke
Helena.
Minfilia runs an identity on Dyson’s head
It is celestial life magic. It blocks specific parts of the brain.
It is a block of memory
Account numbers that he encountered over the years. Listed in statements
Identification. Feather of a Planetar
Michael and Leila, died two years ago at age 7
He was saying something about Leila
Flash, Tribute,
If he win i tell everyone he beat me twice in battleship
Play behind his desk

Goals:

Minfilia is heading to the pervese to ask the twins about the savoys and handle the coup.
Mystine and Dyson are going to head to his office. McFarland office.
Where did you come from? Why are you doing this?
Timaeus.
3pm Avis’ teenage party
Michael’s confirmed
Farah McFarland (little red riding hood)
Luminari lyceum
Swan is going as a plumber. Lucario
Farah McFarland
Swan’s weakness, marcus’ weakness, he's a brainiac, Liam is very agile, cornering him. Avis’ weakness. 
Giorgio D’ Armas (Chef outfit)
Gregory McFarland (Hard boiled detective) 
Jemaima Hall (Pippi longstocking) Leader 
Kimberly McFarland (Cheerleader)
Lancy St. John (Pirate Captain) Flancer Kincade.
Michael Durant (Le Petit Tigre)
Michelle O’ Dere (The mighty deer) 
Liam Savoy (Inez Cicero)
Zuniga’s flan, Nichol’s noodles, D’ armas Pizza
“The world is dangerous”
Anton Lightning vs Flancer Kincade

SESSION GOALS

Minfilia and Oskar will head to the McFarland office to talk more about the current events that are happening in Rainoso. 
Update everyone’s information about Di Atengale (Assassin group) and the possibility of the people behind the group connected to Reformist’s church and a Planetar (Celestial being)
Ask Alfred what he knows about Celestial beings
Pay a visit to Rino and see what he knows about Celestial beings
Characters Involved: Minfilia, Mystine, Avis, Inez, Poplar and Emily (Main people to use or play regarding the Savoy and Bouillard events)
Send a spy on Durant’s household and gather more information about his family. (Need to plan this in-game)
Attend the orgy that’s happening on Saturday night with Mystine and Inez (Invite Renault and possibly Dyson or Jean Paul)
Tell Benoit about the Dubreilles corporate lawyer currently on the island
Pecorine, Anton, Benoit and Avis would pay 250 gp each to help Taran get his own house but use his apartment for now for more teenage parties.

SESSION:

Everyone meets up at McFarland’s office
Ennis Garth says that his family is being threatened. The feather is it’s trademark
Harman village, mayor protected by his guard. Sliced in half
Stories or semi legendaries. Another greedy businessman was killed by De athengale.
Celestial power transcends planes
They fought for religious freedom in Sanari. Battles of the Masochist. The Gognon family are estregan family, non sanerian family. They are a well known political.
She died two years ago. She died right after leila the 2nd died, Degare’s daughter. They were married 1273 5th month, less than a month since Elodie died. 
Durant’s family tree. He’s also a member of the council.
Devilia. Council member.
Degare is Vice Mayor
Council Members: Gigi Dupont, Reginald DeVilia, Regis Langlois (Deceased), Emile Belarose, 
Reformist’s church want power here in the Island
Mayor: Gi revispierre Vice Mayor: Degare Durant
Justician council : Gigi Dupont, Emile Belarose (not regular)
Elected position: Kirch Valoria (not regular), Jules Salmon (regular 3some), Regis Langlois (dead), Reginald DeVilia (not regular)
Avis mission and the charity meeting (savoy family case)
Celestial is working with reformist’s church a priority
Strandiz, Emily and Sensodyne can travel to help Ennis
Taran, Swan, Michael, Pecorine, Anton, Avis, Marcus
Antoine Benoit, Mavis Vigor, Aqua Fresh, Allan Alonzo, Swan Helinski (Duran house)
Brown Hair, Light green (estregan features)
Michael Durant’s room.
4 people. 2 of them is Degare, Michael and a woman embracing a girl toddler
Animal (possible druid)
Painting of DUrant family. Degare, Elodie, Michael and Leila. Painter: Nicolas Canas
Gregory McFarland
A woman who likes wearing stiletto
She is Estregan
There is some magic on her face
Seraphin Gognon Durant. Sera for short. The ladies from the charity calls her Finny
Anxiousness from social anxiety
She is a divine masochist
Alcoholic
Volunteering in the charity
Packaging food for the people in wheat fields. They were ravaged by the drugs that were from the east side.
Mayor was thinking about sending an expedition
Improper to send la camaraderie
They are recruits.
Her husband has sent to proposal to the treaty of terrain organization. To allow a contingent of the military to check on the island
Hags of Hama are blasphemous
She hates the hags of hama
Implore the archbishop of Senari to bless the land 
The divine masochist is true
Romantic
Those fit the categories of reformist’s church
They spent the day preparing for the party
She’s pierced
Pecorine saw her make advantage on the guards
Tudor he is a seneran
20 yrs lives in Senera
Leila died 5 yrs ago (Nila’s knowledge) Died roughly the same time frame
She did not kill herself. They died together at the same time. Event or a commotion around this place. A power struggle, they suffered from it. They were in the master’s residence. They died.
Charles. Remembers that the madame has legal difficulties. Something related to the ships. They were caught that they’re smuggling something they don’t usually carry.
Look for people who are there inside the master’s residence.
Charles Tudor remembers talking to some of Marco’s people. One of Marco’s people. Nelson.
Something had happened in the house.
Rumors that Capt. Jean Paul De La Fouet is not seeing his mistress
The cook still works there. Pinafore Godard (Distant relative to Charles Godard)
Tarran isn’t there. Bryan McFarland is still alive present atm of power struggle assisted by his son, Dyson. Ian was there at that moment.
Charles wasn’t there and just figuring out about the gossip
He’s a paralegal so he’s been doing all the works
It was very troubling time
It was always small
Peacekeepers are very adamant and trying to pull them down
He’s always trying to dip his toes
Following Percival for something
Something about ships. There was an order of ships that was placed
These ships. 
Unreliable information.
Nelson is one of the guards thats supposed to be guarding Dyson. One of them
He’s in early 60’s around Tarran almost killed
Nelson lives in the training camps
Minfilia, Oskar, Oliver and Poplar head to Nelson Savoy (He’s a hire)
Nelson Orisol handles the schedule
5 yrs ago, there was a conspiracy and he doesn’t think the conspirators aren’t caught.
This matter was spanned over a month
People were moving/travelling
Summons that was sent. They had to leave to tresemmer to handle this summons
Madame pulled out Otto savoy.
There must be some sort of a person planted false evidence
Somebody is playing the strings
List of people who died in the power struggle
Percival (early 60s), Leila (50’s),
Jacob McFarland.
Nelson jacks off night shift nurses
Oskar sniffed a used panty and it has been there for a month
This one is left here purposely
Oskar found a crack 
Spyglass there with sketches of random people
Savoy and Bentayga
They might be seneran spy
Jacob McFarland has a light orange hair w/ very freckly face. He has a red hair
Drego
The list was doctored
Bouillard
Cicero
The hair is inside the baby’s casket (dark brown)
Degare Durant’s hair (dark-brown)
Sarcophagus screwed on to it that’s not there
Homunculus (Mythical things) small things, task that’s not just simple

SESSION GOALS:

Teleport to the Nice mansion with the help of the women of hags of hama. (Pecorine and Anton) Look for the Nice twins. Yayoi and Ruomei, hire them for a night.
Look into the council hall with Minfilia and Oskar. 
(the next day) Avis and Taran will head to the other members of the Savoy family with the help of Mystine and Oliver to interview them and learn what else did they forgot
(the next day) Minfilia look for the banker in Rainoso and ask him to look into some stuff
(the next day) Ask the Kincades for help regarding information about 5 years ago and connect them to the Savoy

SESSION:

Drago, Nelson and Marcus went back to the training camps to pick up poplar
The twins has a house in Hamlin
Minfilia updated the rest of the hags of hama about what is happening around Raibon
Minfilia investigates the city hall. Regis Langlois’ office is cleared
From behind the chair, the walls. A very subtle rip of the wallpaper bottom half of the wood panel.
Langlois’ safe. Doctored papers for Rosamunda Pervese. He’s invited to Sanari in a sort of a discussion of freedom of worship signed by I.W.
DiAtengale, assassin group.
He employed a lawyer named Quinn Pratt. He has a caster woman. Carmen or something. Estregan, dark skinned, not as dark as nuran. Dark brown hair cut short like an apple cut, yellow eyes, wields a staff often light loose clothing. She is a Pomona worshiper. She’s a wizard.
Wizards that casts mind altering spell. Quinn use her for that purpose.
He employs her to enhance the effects of alcohol.
Pointed a staff at the floor of one of quinn’s barns, immediately have the effect of everyone less guarded.
She voiced her disapproval
Records are stored in the bank
Taurus Balembano, bank of sanari
Durant
The nice twins knows who Elodie is. The wedding ring is a piece of amber that’s found at the beach that has special significance to both of them. Melded into a ring made out of driftwood.
(next day)
Minfilia wakes up around 7am
Avis and Taran, Oliver, Poplar and Mystine would go to the other Savoys to get an interview
Poplar wakes up around 5 in the morning
Minnie (Oliver’s household servant)
The Goddess of Fertility is Pomona. Goddess of Delight is Volupta
Diego, a gardener hired by Tania.
(new day) Yayoi talked to Michael Durant
He occasionally goes to senera for conferences. Met with Helene Nice to socialize.
The last time his wife was introduced to them was Elodie.
Pecorine notices Sera when Yayoi mentions the ring, degare seems to be deep in thought. Sera seems to be a little worried
Pecorine seem to be familiar with Djinn
Aversion to spellcaster
The town hall of Rainoso has been previously warded by opposing force.
Ruomei asked Sera if she is a caster and she seem to not know about it and mei casted dispel magic on her. She turns into a glowing person. A celestial. She is glowing from her head to toe
She briefly sees her flustered and surprised in a puff of smoke
Degare was miserable
Her celestial soul. She was destined to find someone to help
He was playing with forces that he wouldn’t understand
Forces that they encounter that shouldn’t protect against
When his daughter died, he’s starting to remember things
She was looking for a deranged angel of justice
The diatengale
It learned ability to possessed human souls
He wanted to revived his wife and daughter. Leila died bec of some congenital defect, something to do with related to Bentaygas
She died while she was playing suddenly just dropped dead
He was embodying Degare at the time
He was doing things, and because he opened himself to him
McFarland & McFarland
Almost 8:30 am.
Meeting: Degare & Michael, Yayoi and Ruomei, Dyson and Ian, Marcus, Oliver, Poplar, Minfilia, Oskar, Inez and Renault
Sera seems to have something to do with what happened to Degare
Seraphine Gognol Durant. She’s not hiding. They have a couple of casters in their family.
She is behind the memory loss behind the whole durant and savoy
He opened himself to the DiAtengale
DiAtengale is a celestial. This creature is a threat. A planetar. Deranged, an angel of justice.
Is he in contact with the Reformist’s church? (he could not be, he had lost his way, disconnected from his source of reality)
He works for whatever creed who chooses to hire him
He aligns his beliefs to any that tells him what his beliefs are
Take revenge to those who caused her sister’s death
Otto Savoy was the one who caused.
She is a diviner. The celestial is the one who is attuned to the dead drop chest
She felt his present recently, somewhere in the island
Michael’s memory is already cleared
(Degare) How my sister died and daughter
He was implicated that time, records that he had signed
Madame Nicolette is being targeted
They needed to prove that drugs are being pulled in the island by bouillard ship
Poorly altered to shown that it’s his signature
Percival was the one who told him to stay in prison for the moment. Madame Nicolette didn’t trust him. His sister was really angrily at him.
She was trying to bail him out. Given to her by Nicolette
Someone had mentioned to him about the legend. He doesn’t remember who. After Elodie killed herself. She blamed herself. Leila their daughter. When their daughter died he started digging and obsessing. The he found, she’d been killed in the power struggle.
He’d said something about “You’ll never find it”
It’s with the DiAtengale the bodies of the baby, and the sisters.
Quinn Pratt and the caster. It all started with merry making. Quinn was the one who suggested it first. She doesn’t think that Carmen was present.
He met her more recently. About a year.
Carmen. She said she’s been a wizard. But she’s magically tending plants.
Stick with the plan
Percy is dragged in here
(Goals) Oliver and the savoy will continue with investigation
Degare Durant, first things first. He’ll find a way to leave his son to the Nice twins
If there is a rat here in the savoys. He left instructions to go to his home to update ledgers.
Make sure Quinn and Carmen aren’t part of the reformist’s church
Sera is an instrument of delight
This current vessel of her is the same way
The atenngale wants to end the world and he believes. Two instruments. This world is beyond redemption. Repeated injustice in this world.
Another source of power that could bootstrap the chain of reaction of destruction.
Lawrence Osbourne, Degare’s personal lawyer
Degare Durant is 42 yrs old.
The ppl who will go to the orgy. Degare/ Mary Anne. Avis/Taran. (We’re pulling Michael out of the party). Michael could go back to Durant’s house to get the things with the twins. 
Marco and Aunt Prudence. Head of the training corps. Uncle Percy and Uncle Rick’s sisters.
2 runes of languages (celestial)
Emily pranks Degare
Herb of the harem can be take in pill form
5 sp and 7 cp pieces for the costume
Emily with Strandiz, Avis and Taran will head to Quinn's property. Pratt homestead
Raw magic from the orb. 
Orb of power (Enhancer)
Emily identifies the magical item that causes sexual arousal to everyone inside the barn.
Circle of Erotic pleasure. It can only be used 3x a day until dawn. It will give the effect of increased libido for anyone within a 60 ft sphere centered on an object. The effects per charge usually last for an hour. It is charged in this way.
It does have a base.
Druid/Wizard. What kind of wizard is she?
It could impair his reproduction system
Boxes Of flower of the herb of harem, it is much larger smuggled in ahuria
They seem to reproduce this flower here
Avis recognizes similar to sugar plants
She pulls something in the ground, a couple of insect

SESSION GOALS:

After the orgy and confirming that the mage and possibly her friends are reformist’s church. Proceed to the next step of the mission. Gather more information through investigation while being disguised as party-goers. Tell Degare Durant that both of you will be handling the investigation and he should head back to Minfilia to meet with the Kincades. (Emily and Strandiz)
Avis and Taran will pull out from the party and escort Degare back to Minfilia. (Avis, they could possibly join Oliver and Poplar)
Help Michael Durant with his own investigation about what Sera had hidden away from them in Durant’s house. (Pecorine & Anton)
Ask Alfred what he knows about DiAtengale.
Head back to Tresemmer and visit the Kincades (Minfilia) Optional: Invite them to Rainoso. Send a sending spell to Flancer Kincade.
Inez will send a note to Aika to check on Oliver’s ex-wife because they’re both staying at the same hotel. (Inez)

SESSION:

Quinn is showing his war collection to Strandiz and Emily
Emily casted detect magic that isn’t actively cast
The items are from the war. (some of them are cursed)
Divination magic is approaching
Battle of Alsace, northeast of mountains
He has cursed items in his collections
A wand that is being used by Poasahn military. It is able to cast fireballs. (curse: the person who is holding and every caster within 60 ft of the user casts silence)
A cloak that makes you invisible. Was retrieved from Poasahn spies
The Raven queen’s blight - This when deployed, put on the ground, releases energies from the shadowfell consumes life within 1 mile and takes it to shadowfell.
Carmen doesn't have greater restoration.
Strandiz gave x-ray vision rune to Taran to help him identify the party goers
Taran recognizes some people. Reginald DeVilla (councilor, cousin to Degare and Dyson) Wanda Lavisier (Administer in Port Rainoso) Archer (Lawyer)
Emily asked Strandiz to report to Minfilia about their current situation
“Stay in the party, pull degare out, I need him to see the kincades. Find out more”
He was a member of this club, a group of people when he was in college. She was introduced that way. Society for mundane magicians. 
She was just a recent hire
She’s a mercenary
Carmen is a part of Pomona
Councilor Jules Samon with his couple
Society for Mundane magicians.
What he remember from the Kincades that 5 yrs ago they’re people who can’t be trusted
(Sensodyne) He was asking about DiAtengale
(Sensodyne) She had heard of him. She felt his presence before. She saw him before even he was the Diatengale by one their rivals that he is a planetar. One of the weapons of whatever god he serves.
I remember seeing him before, he was only one wing. His left wing is completely gone, I saw a stub of it. She was able to dodge him.
He found the grimoire and said out loud “Ah, They deserved it” and he was the one who burned the grimoire.
Leila (toddler) died of a congenital defect.
Angel of justice.
Percival Savoy
Ennis Garth’s family. 
Morow (Alias) These people have ties with Hardpebbles
New Hardpebble guy John was rumored to be clearing his family name
Everyone who knows Fragonard hates his guts
He’s the one who’s able to negotiate with the Peacemakers to have their weapons deal
Fragonard’s connection with the Bouillards. They always have bad blood because they always sneak around. Lure the frigates to somehow catch the Bouillards.
He keeps saying that his doing this to be legit.
The weapon shipment he sold to the peacemakers isn’t just the half of it
The other half is going to someone from the East.
Finrod remembers something from his childhood. It was one of the Savoys saying it as a joke. Naim. Naim Savoy, He is Percival, Rick and Prudence’s father. He is really old, he’s already dead. Their line came from Madison Savoy. 
Lemuel Savoy, Diana, Gloria and Portia. They were rescued by a Romulus Bouillard. Somebody had kidnapped his sisters by slavers who was asking for ransom are slavers from Pervese.
Romulus captained a ship to rescue Lemuel’s sisters.
He was selling from the east side. 
Minfilia is going to raise Fragonard’s corpse
He worked with many. Worked with Pervese at some point. MAchado at some point.
Percival Savoy. He’s the one who implicates the Bouillard
Percival thought of this plan
The Gognon of Narmaya’s era are persecuted and they aren’t nobles. They were Estregan. Anazai-Estrega, before the war started they’re trying to get their kingdom together. The Estregans are anti-masochists. Narmaya knows the reason why they’re still alive that one of the gognon distinguished himself during the war.
Mayor and Vice mayor meeting with Seneran diplomat
Something is nagging on him
Moving forward. Going to town of hama then go to Ennis Garth’s island
Master of Puppets, they hail from the port of Sveland. Not all of the crew are svelandish. They carry vintage items atleast 100 yrs old and older. They don’t seem to order a lot and nobody’s allow inside.
Prudence and Marco Polo. They have a daughter. Avila
Mystine, Oliver and Poplar goes to Prudence house
Timothy Bentayga. He paid a rickshaw to go to the hotel revolutionnaire.
Room 507 - Tanya’s room (Oliver’s ex-wife)
2 women surrounded by guards to the side. A woman (late 30’s) Tanya. Prudence (late 50’s)
They are talking about Oliver's father.
Mystine casts detect magic through the bird.
There seem to be a magic that coming out of her ring (abjuration)
Prudence is being summoned by Oliver Savoy.
She was talking to Tanya and persuading her to not go away
A drastic transformation in her facial features.
Abjuration magic is activated as soon as they enter inside
A magic is being generated inside the house.
Mystine feels the effect of orb is a little less here.
The orb is embedded into one of the snow globes. It’s much smaller than the orbs I’ve seen before
Runic script indicated that it comes from somewhere in the north
Enhancer
Some clinics around here.
Mostly go to Augusta Clarity. (It’s a traditional healer who does not have magic)
Marco Paulo. He finally caught the rat bastard
Prudence and Marco, what are they doing when Madame Nicolette was summoned by the law
Oliver’s father requested them for Avis and Taran for a field assignment up to Tresemmer
Mystine asked for a ledger of people who work for Marco Paulo.
Mystine dispelled the ring of mind-shielding. A man he met during the charity event. His name, Diego. He’s not one of the members, he’s a vendor. A supplies for children of the streets, clothes. He was trying to get the deal and Sera said no to him.
He tried to offer the ring in order. He offered it as a bribe
He were a constant correspondent of the business
Mostly selling items to specific people.
Random odds and ends
He lives off-island. He said he’s from yutland
He gave the gifts, snowglobes and the ring.
He’d shown her his eyes (yellow)
She shared a bed with this man once
(Plans for Tanya) They are going to milk Oliver Savoy. This matter between women
She did not like the man. She cared about the family
His death was messy. She thought Oskar had done it.
She finds it unusual that he had nothing to do with the death of Otto Savoy
They are to meet after she talk to Tanya. He’d said that he has another job for her.
She had not shared
Sliders, they are going to meet there
Do you use one of their ships to ferry his goods? The vanguard. It is currently docked
He works independently. 
She has a maid in the employee list. That’s non-existent. Emergency purposes.
She doesn’t trust his husband
He always flirts with women
Daughter, she is at the school
Charity event.
She seems acting as I’ve expected
Standard-looking male. He is wearing a simple shirt. He stands beside the table near the door.
Couple more patrons comes in.
These people sit in different tables and don’t interact but Mystine notice that they seem to be glancing at each other. They are waiting for something happen.
Prudence perks up and lightly waves her hands to a guy’s direction
He looks like a businessman. Stereotypical clothes. Out of fashion. Skin color - pale, northerly, hair color, he is bald. His eyebrows had been shaven off. He was wearing some eye glasses that obscures his eye color. Yellow eyes. (Diego)
Their job today is a little more different than usual. The person who purchased this particular item already paid for all of it. He doesn’t want it to be sent it to a PO Box. Instead he wants her to deposit it to a safety box. The lines in that particular bank. He doesn’t have the time.
Prudence agreed to the job. Gave her a bag of money.
He leans her to give her a kiss. 
The first guy leaves. After the first guy leaves, the couple leaves separately. They go in the opposite direction to leave. They leave in that order.
The group merged, a block away. Somewhere closer to the docks
Bald guy headed elsewhere, Dewey follows this man.
Jackson, Sandra, Patterson. He were inventing for a name
Pat, security. Jackson, construction. Sandra, Girlfriend of Patterson.
Savoys are bad people. They do things like smuggle goods. They’re heading close to a pub. A hole in the wall. (Aleron alcohol addiction)
Jackson (construction?? Has yellow eyes, Sorcerer)
He asked some people to find out. He’s not a wizard.
They are travelers.
Up to montrabar. She manage the accounts
Jackson took advantage of Poplar
Dredge mages
Another healer. 2 pm afternoon.
Circuitous route
He’s just being paranoid
He eventually get to the west docks.
Dock 3. They merged and go to a smaller vessel, a cog. Yacht type
The dock 3 is rented out
The Gabriel (name of the ship)
They are talking about Poplar. 
They’re all working under a boss.
They are heading south. A number of islands. Les Isle Des cargar
A number of uninhabited islands are south
Southern islands don’t get a lot of people
Sandwiched between 4 islands. They use this island temporarily
For smaller vessel
They go in there. A strange magical presence. Celestial magic
Transmutation. Mystine brought Prudence to the Apartment complex
Inside the suitcase is a clockwork
Identify: Animated clockwork object. Follow pre-programmed commands. Get a specific documents regarding Otto Savoy and his family. 
Manifests of employees.
Sera’s vessel is still withdrawn. She doesn’t like that they made Degare sad.
Vanguard, name of Bouillard vessel
It was all logged
One piano, nice looking clocks
Otto isn’t a spellcaster
Behind the painting. Makeshift hole that they put a drill. It was put here unprofessionally
A small box containing a skull
Older than 7 yrs old. Fractures on separate parts of skull.
Documents. Journals of Elodie. Elodie’s clothes. Elodie’s belongings
Michael put the ring in a necklace
Belongings that are connected to them
Paintings of both Elodie and Michael
Boxes in the ceiling
Inside the locked drawer is a feather.
A crystal that’s tied on a loop that’s tied on a rope
Underneath is a map of Le isle apgari. Celestial energy can be felt from the map
A scrying stone. Where a person is. Works like locate person
The person who uses it last is Sera
She was looking for the person who owns the person
This guy is somewhere 
The celestial disappeared in the map
Mei uses the baby clothes to locate Leila’s body
It points to a group of islands. Unnamed Island, south of Raibon.
A piece of clothing, a formal dress that’s too big for the baby leila.
It points to the exact location.
Hosts: Taran, Avis, Pecorine & Anton
Party-goers: Yayoi, Mei, Marcus, Michael, Liam, Benoit, Kimberly, Gregory, Lancy St. John, Jemaima Hall, Farah McFarland, Giorgio DiArmas, Michelle O’ Deard, Minfilia, Oskar, Flancer Kincade, Swan, Becker and Becker’s girlfriend. Masquerade.
Security: Alfred, Dyson’s guards, Swan will handle security
Prize, Gems, Vouchers for a shop in Hamlin (100 gp), Snail farm vouchers. Teleportation of hags of hama
Bartender
The boss is a spell caster
There’s a small port
Sandra and Patterson are cutting trees
On their knees the light is blinding
Angel of Justice.
When he speaks it comes with an echo
A tall person about 7 ft tall, stark wavy white hair, he has only one wing, it is no longer of pure white.
The bald guy, bowing and wearing vestments that looks like a priest.
His mission is to end this world. To close the gates and he was to be trapped here, to ensure the threats to not just this people but to the rest of this planes. Invasion of the far realms. The far realms, the aberrations.
The aberrations of the far realms had been working with the demons of the abyss.
It connects the infernus to the celestial, the abyss, feywild, shadowfell.
A lord had tasked him to invite the others to shut the gates
Years of planning, negotiations
He could not reveal himself
Reformist’s church of the divine masochist
They were blinded by the wonders of what they call the rithma or magic
They are fascinated by these power
The gate will open once more, these humans, they keep opening the gates.
The use of this power. The power of creation.
The only way to permanently close the gate is to end this world
This celestial wants Avis Savoy
He has other agents. Looking for more.
He suspects that she had been blinded and too attached to people
She is but a deva
There are more celestial here
They’re stuck here
He granted Poplar an item. (Pocket incarceration)
Jackson (Korin) Patterson (Patter) Sandra (Sandra)
Lesser restoration
I got dead fragonard to talk, I got new information. Any updates?” (Minfilia sending)
Elodie’s skull is found, the other 2 are located off island, they really want something from the bank. Used a savoy to deliver clockwork” (Mystine)
One winged angel. Bloodless slaughtering of people, merciful. Spills no blood
“You’ll never find it, you’ll never have it!”
“Angelic ward” a charm that otto has
Most common look of it, a totem, a stick with a number of symbols of what people consider their strongest belief.
Reginald DeVilla, Jules Salmon, Wanda Levasier, Jonathan Archer, Jason McNat, Kirch Valoria (gay), Couple look like they are from Mehicanian quarter, he’s from their Territory (Avis had seen this guy around Rick Savoy.) She could be a secretary, she seem younger 
People who are invited may invite others.
1 of them has piercings. This girl is hiding the color of her eyes
Somebody is coming in. 
He’s looking around and he’s pulling someone in who seem hesitant
Uncle Rick, he’s with this guy. He’s here.
Uncle Rick Savoy is here to meet with someone important.
Somebody here knows him. He’s saying to postpone this meeting
Carmen excused herself earlier
She is an acquaintance and met strandiz in a party
Sometime before the war. She’s 20 yrs younger
Her name is Maura McTaggart, she is from philosophy and constitutional law. Her field of study is comparative religion, similarities and differences of religion.
She’s in the fields. She’s watering some plants
Mystine sees some savoy guards. Part of patrol
Jason McNat, One of the people that Iluvia had been dealing with

SESSION GOALS:

Check on what Carmen is doing at the moment (Mystine)
Gather more information about her and her companions (Mystine)
Check on Oliver’s ex-wife Tanya (Hedwig)
Find out what the Diatengale is looking for inside the bank (Inez)
Continue searching for evidence about Percival Savoy’s betrayal
Learn more about Durant’s past
Go to Balenbano and asked him about the bank notice (Minfilia)
Find out why Rick Savoy attended the orgy and who invited him. (Mystine)
Have a small party at Taran’s new house

SESSION:

(Oliver, Poplar and Durant) Johanna Bentayga is married to Lemuel Savoy. 
Elodie was a sailor before. 15 yrs ago after the war. (Stories heard from Madame Nicolette) Bentaygas have very good sea legs. One point Nicolette was trying to hire Elodie Bentayga as a captain in one of the Bouillard ships.
The Bentaygas do not exclusively work with the Bouillards unlike the Savoys of Raibon. In fact, some of them are known to work with the Kincades. One of them is married to Nancy Kincade.
Inez now remembers the news of this woman with esteem from a group of sailors when her daughter died just a few days before her daughter’s second birthday. All of a sudden in the middle of the view of everyone invited she just suddenly died. (mysterious death)
One of her sisters went to the lodge if someone put a hit on Elodie’s child. Inconclusive. Arrigal would’ve asked Aika but Aika didn’t detect anything. Aika detected a heart condition. 
Aside from being congenital, there is no way that it’s an assassination attempt.
Eponine was one of Elodie’s sisters.
Percival Savoy has a good reputation
Naim Savoy, he’s a senile old coot.
Percival is Naim’s child. Rick and Prudence.
The way Otto died is because the Diatengale possessed him to find this ward in this island
Anywhere on this island
A stick of some sort, a totem of their beliefs.
A piece of feather from the Diatengale
Something is keeping him from entering the island
Repairs in the records section of the city hall
Inez casts detect magic while walking towards the office of the records department
She feels some magic coming from one of the construction workers
Contracted from elsewhere. He’s a burly man, his eyes are yellow. He could be local, estregan or from the mainland. His hair is dyed.
They sneaked inside an empty room to frisk the body of the man
Apgarian national bank
Bombarded with detection wards
Avis’ papers from the bank. Deed of sale signed by Otto Savoy purchasing a piece of land somewhere closer to the foot of Montrabar closer to the bog. 
Inez looks into Otto Savoy’s papers
Inez asked Oliver to look for Percival and Leila Savoy’s papers
Inez folds the blank piece of paper from Otto’s folder and slips it inside Martice’s jacket
Inheritance records that was passed on other members of the family
His death certificate is here. 7th day of the fourth month. Cause of Death, Immolation.
Burned alive as well same as her husband
It’s a week after this. The newspaper article.
Inez looks for records of Bouillard
A section of the house has been burned. The study room.
Hedwig teleports to the Hotel Revolutionaire. (3 pm)
Hedwig’s mission is to check on Tanya (Oliver’s ex-wife)
Tanya is having a conversation with a staff
Tanya Tisow
Prudence reminds her of Oliver.
She wants to know if Oliver is being taken advantage of
She is concerned about her children
Someone is sneaking around Dubois’ house. A savoy.
He’s between of two things
Uncle Rick asked him to look after Aunt Tanya.
He wanted this guy to spy on Tanya
There’s usually two of them
Rick Savoy, cousin of Oliver’s father. He would be the head of the patrol group of the Bouillard. Inspects items, making sure there’s peace and order.
He doesn’t really tell them where he goes
Oliver is a little occupied with other things right now. He’s been asking interview with a couple of the savoys.
Every morning at his home. His first report will be tomorrow morning
Meeting with the seneran diplomat.
Krana and Charlie Goddard from Hamlin. Montrabar’s representative or settlement administrator, Tymora Levisier.
They want wanda out
A welcome party for Mei and Yayoi.
Jason McNat isn’t looking for the missing kid actively.

SESSION GOALS:

Find out why Rick got invited and who’s he working with. (Mystine)
Report immediately to Hedwig and Minfilia about the investigation (Mystine)
Eliminate the presence of Reformist’s church members and the people whom they’re working with. (Rozen Maiden)
Have a short meeting with Balenbano and learn more about Rick Savoy’s involvement with Percival and Prudence's death. (Minfilia)
Go to Avis’ property. (Poplar & Oliver)

SESSION:

(Mystine and Dyson) Mystine spotted one member of the reformist’s church, she seems to be absorbed on doing things but she’s keeping an eye on Rick Savoy
Mystine takes note of the orb in the middle of the barn. The field is exuding magical energy.
A pod shot out to dewey but dewey dodged it. Raw life magic. Magically enhanced species.
Rick Savoy is trying to recognize people behind the mask. His facial features are a bit strained. He looks anxious.
Jason McNat (Nutcase) trying to flirt with Mystine
He’s worried about his friend not showing up
Ricardo (Rick Savoy)
The woman adjusted their position to listen to their conversation. She seems to have started a hand gesture to do some kind of magic.
The woman didn’t notice the prestidigitation.
The Pratt homestead. (Quinn Pratt)
The guy in a black mask
The stronger magic seems to be coming from behind a building (museum barn)
Low level magic by being stifled by containers. Some kind of illusion magic. Invisibility cloak.
All of a sudden, she seems to let out a ton of magical raw energy into the soil.
Leaking spell slots and not casting any spells
Plant components that are able to thrive like mandrake. That can be a medical remedy.
Shambling mounds can be grown by feeding magic into plants.
She’s feeding the plant green liquid.
Carmen stopped and took off the gloves she is wearing and threw it away
These aren’t plants. They seem to be strange purplish tentacles.
He is heading towards the museum barn. (Quinn)
He tried to go into the fields trying to pull Carmen out.
A shield. He has a magic item (Abjuration)
No rings or magic items. He doesn’t have any magical items.
He doesn’t seem to be carrying anything
After he gets pushed away, he raised his eyes and were kind of orange-ish in color
He looks terrified.
Quinn showed up and went directly to the woman with the mask. (Reformist’s church)
He’s the host.
He’s looking at the commotion that had happened
He goes through the front door.
The woman from the reformist’s church starting casting a spell
She brought out an item from her pocket and threw it on the ground
She suggested pulling in the others.
Quinn is involved in this
They move by transporting that item.
Mystine sends a sending spell to Hedwig. Reformists are going to swarm this place soon. Send reinforcements as soon as you can. 
It seems like his business hasn’t arrived yet. He’s going to postponed to next week.
He suggests just going.
Savoy guards.
Rick Savoy has a contact in this place.
This is a business proposition and not subordination
They’re supposed to be all of the things in the bag by the time of the election
Temporary set back
Top convinces Rick Savoy to stay for half an hour
They can use it to bind the planetar
The master of the whip will be here soon
Carmen heads towards the main house.
She opens the back door and takes some of the flowers and crushes and mixes it with the water. She will shape water and turn it into vapor.
Accelerates peoples libido
Rick is even affected by the vapor
The woman is partaking in it
She’s not mindless
Those plants won’t harm anyone and reassured by Carmen
He said that Carmen is working for him
He’s a little concerned about the others
Those people are his long time friend
Quinn used a magical item similar to hypnosis on Pecorine and Anton
A Silo about 200 ft 
Pecorine can hear a low snoring coming from inside, a low growl
It seems to be a spherical object with tentacle inside
Similar to Aberration. Pacified here.
Splotches of blood all over the place.
I don’t see any bones
Faintly smells of burned coal thats rapidly heated
It starts going to the food
A beam came from its eyes, they freeze in place and the giant ball goes to the jerky
Mystine seen something smaller, the guy who she turned from the docks
Quinn starts running towards the main house and immediately thinks it’s prey
Quinn is shouting and calling on Carmen
She seems to be surprised that the creature is awake
Carmen asked Quinn to call Tora.
Mystine took the orb and the magical item and put it inside her satchel
Politicians around here. 
From the north, pecorine sees a carriage approaching to the vicinity.
Reginald DeVilla was able to escape
Some people from that carriage starts to go around, mostly women and some men, mixed hair colors and some looks native.
They look like farmers or merchants. Blend in more.
Tora was asking for help.
This group of 4 women and 1 man.
They’re being careful
Mystine broke a vial of green liquid on Tora.
These people knows about the creatures, even their names
Potion of Aberrant transformation (Green liquid)
Unusually knowledgeable about the creatures
They cannot show up here
They introduced themselves as members of the Ministry of Science. They found a way of giving people magical abilities through liver transplant.
Completely wearing white mask. Close to a month ago, Isana Walburton.
The master of the whip. The plant had been told that she will come
Rick was supposed to meet Isana Walburton.
Deep lore calls it a Gauth
Top or Christopher. He’s the one who’s working as a contact.
He was asked to find out how to communicate with them
The reformist’s church.
Rick knows how to find them
Rick is saying Oliver doesn’t have business
Unnaturally planted with her.
Petrified pink tentacles
Paralyzed by the Gauth
It’s not a plant
Smaller form of a giant eye
8 of the Gauth. It seem to be breeding these things here
Mystine and Inez goes to quinn’s homestead to investigate
Reformist’s house
Mystine feels the presence of an orb.
Something is emanating magically from the cupboard
Magical box
Mystine throws a light spell on the ceiling of the cellar
Larger purple look, dead
They are dissecting the huge eye in the middle
Crates that are labeled Bouillard
Quinn’s father accidentally ingested some of the green liquid and they’re keeping him from transformation
Quinn’s father was saved by Mystine’s greater restoration
Carmine Pratt (Quinn’s Father), Mina Pratt
The last thing he remembered talking to Carmen was that he could trust her.
Flumph
Stone of preservation inside the flumph to keep it alive.
(Minfilia) Taurus Balenbano is staying at the Hotel de Banard. 
Leshy isn’t from Feywild.
Leshy is showing images to Strandiz.
Giant eyeball w/ multiple tentacles
Emily knows it as a Gauth. Juvenile form of a larger creature of a Beholder. It is an Aberration and they have a life cycle. Gazers are babies, Gauth is its teenage form, Beholder is the adult.
Strandiz shows memory
Pecorine shot an arrow to the field according to Strandiz
Leshy caught someone disappearing through a dimension door
Strandiz, Emily, Minfilia, Oskar, Taran and Avis joined up for the manhunt
15,000 GP each
Minfilia casts Locate creature to locate Isana Walburton
Percival Savoy filed for a loan about 6 yrs ago, trying to purchase a number of ships named after himself. Technically after his wife’s name. 
5,000 gp was transferred from Pervese account to Percival’s. Rosamunda secured a loan from them. She needed a lot of money to construct a new one in Miller’s street
Tresemmer account number, Port Rainoso accounts
Tomorrow night. Minfilia asked Balenbano to relocate to somewhere else.
Shadowfell and Feydark are connected
Minfilia gave him 200 GP to fund the investigation and she moved Balenbano to Calle Musica.
Minfilia sends a message to Flancer asking him to head to Le Maison at 8 pm
“Flancer, get your ass here in Rainoso. Let’s meet at Le Maison around 8 pm”
Minfilia exchanged information with Oliver
The reformist’s church is breeding aberrations and experimenting on couple of things
They found a green liquid, a missing crate from the Bouillard’s docks
Quinn Pratt’s basement.
Todd, Taran’s brother. He usually works for the shipyard.
Uncle Rick is planning to talk to Isana Walburton
Todd is around 15 or 16. He has a speech problem, he stutters a lot. (could be childhood trauma)
Gayle Savoy, Taran’s mother. I met her before when she was once a Minstrel. Racos Palma.
Minfilia is asking her if she has knowledge about her husband’s traitor. 
She has a prenuptial agreement. She was given a separate account and was given allowances.
He’s been meeting with Top for the fast few days
He recently told her that some accounts from Percival and Leila had fallen to his hands. Supposedly as sort of next of kin. She saw the last 4 digit account numbers and she remembered seeing those accounts before, some of his paper works.
Percival and Leila Savoy died due to fire in the study. In an incident, Madame Nicolette’s life was saved by Renault and Lavinia leading to them getting severely burned themselves, Renault survived, Lavinia died.
What caused the fire? Unknown.
Rick and Percival often discuss things together in this room. 
She remembers them talking about a fleet of ships.
She overheard them about meeting a person with white mask and halo in a masquerade party.
Top’s house.
Magic coming out of Todd’s workshop
A drawing of an island that I don’t recognize
Todd calls “Mommy”, the quiet aunt. 
Landlady got bribed by Minfilia and Oskar with 2 gold
Minfilia casts detect magic
Minfilia senses evocation magic
An item that’s inside a drawer that feels evocation
Minfilia and her group finds a sending stone inside the drawer
The hags checked Top but didn’t find any bestower orb in his possession
Minfilia casts Locate object
Slightly north of the forestry. Either the same person or waiting for that person.
A trapped soul they found in Grand Guignol (Strandiz)
Emily doesn't detect magic
There are wolves den somewhere north west from here.
People going through the night
“Scout for an hour max, leave after, then head to a nearby homestead, camp, we convene for the night”
Animals are keeping away from both of us. The animals are skittish at the moment. 
A little bit to the east
The cut is too clean
Emily casted speak with animals and lured a squirrel.
Tall, woman and larger one. Less good smelling, human, who’s threatening. She had long wheat colored hair, a little taller than Emily, She seemed cross about something, kicking on the grass, she’s with two more casters. She’s further away. Probably further forward. North. She’s in a homestead. 
Emily spotted three sets of footprint
They possibly conjured animals or familiar
It’s not conjuration. It’s transmutation spell
She smells of blood but she’s not wounded
She’s a cleric
There’s 3 humans, they have this weird looking dogs. They don’t talk properly
They were talking about getting proper sleep and talking about shifting watches. They stood up and something weird happens. They change into druids. Went inside the house.

SESSION

Strandiz and Emily camped and surveillance Isana and her group
They promised him tickets to Phantasmagoria
Mystine is asking for information to Quinn
They check Carmen’s room inside the guest house
Books about magic on the writing desk
Basic books about magic, one of them is sort of an occult book
Something in the dresser
Magic started to pour out when Mystine opened it using the key
Mystine identifies the item
Secret cabinet (magic item)
A standard map of raibon
Bank account: Passbook. Apgarian national bank, name: Carmen St. Pierre. It contains 300 GP withdrawal of 1,500 GP recently
4379 this account is opened in port rainoso
Sack of gold (1,512 GP) 
Gems (Diamonds worth 2000 GP, Rubies worth 700 GP, Emerald worth 520 GP)
Sending stone
Encrypted Journal
A pair of magical ear piercing
Gardening gloves (red gloves of taming)
Quinn Pratt’s journal, his birth certificate, expired passport, everything that one needs to copy his identity.
Carmen talks to the plants and said something about Raibon being close to feywild
They belong to the deep lore. Far realm.
Sinclair was here in rainoso
Minfilia meets with the kincades (Tanner, Flancer)
Flancer caught a stowaway who seem to be a member of the reformist’s church
“Askew Alligator” one of their river ferry (Kincades)
Json McNat’s firm represents Isana Walburton
Ms Walburton is filing a case against the whole town of Hugo
“Old man, I’m gathering the rozen maiden and we're going to attack tonight. Give me 2 hours.”
“I’m managing that’s why I'm gathering the others”
Fight price: Shopping voucher, Service voucher (Pleasure house), Rent a girlfriend service voucher, Warpstar tea house voucher, Darlings shopping voucher, 10k pot.
Prizes:
1st group: Minfilia, Flancer, Avis, Tarran, Strandiz, Emily
2nd group: Anton, Pecorine, Tanner, Mai, Wilhelm, Oskar
3rd group: Crew of Rozen Maiden

SESSION:

Isana might have a hidden teleportation circle in the island
3rd prize: Shopping voucher (Fashion Nova) 2nd Prize: Service voucher (Pleasure house) Gift certificate (Warpstar tea house). 1st Prize: Shopping voucher, Service voucher, Rent-a-girlfriend service voucher, Darlings voucher. Secret prize (1k pot). Night Shift nurses subscription (a year, 6 mos signed back catalog). Lady Verenestra’s Priestess Poplar, 50% voucher all flan.
Minfilia sends a sending spell to Strandiz about the plans
Instead of using poison, they want to turn into an aberration.
Oliver and Poplar will head back to the prison to relieve Renault and Inez from guard duty.
A muscular woman clad in armor walks out of the door. This woman has yellow eyes. Seems to have a great sword, slung behind her back. She seems to have placed something by the door.
Strandiz sent a sending spell to Minfilia. 2 magic users with swords. 2 druids posing as dogs outside, a potentially innocent family nearby house could be used as hostages by these people. 
Avis sees a glint of shining light. Coming from the eyes of one of the people inside the tavern. 
This person is sitting beside the window. He looks as if he fits in the crowd.  His eyes have celestial light.
He’s trying to cover for himself
Avis confronts the man
Avis asked who is he after
They’re trying to track their location. They know that a high ranking one is near here. Who does he work for, his boss felt somebody teleported from an off island to here. He’s been tracking distortion from ethereal planes. They haven’t located Izana Walburton.
Avis made the guy sleep
Wilhelm and Mai goes to their position
Mai saw an abandoned hunting cottage that has transmutation magic from it
As Mai opens the door, she is taken to a hedge maze. The stars are in the familiar sky.
Translated and transmuted to a different area. We’re trapped here.
Mai and Wilhelm are transported inside a hedge maze. The only way to exit the maze is to get into the center.
Rune of confusion (Wilhelm identified it)
Flower has rucksacks. 
One of these pouches is open. 
Loots: A magical coat, tattered hat, a glass eye. 1 ring (magical), 1 necklaces (magical)
Necklace of mage armor (3 charges)
Ring of mind weakening (cursed) 
Coat of greater invisibility (requires attunement) 5 charges. In order to recharge it, hang it outside during the night
Glass eye (requires attunement) glass eye of limited true sight.Gives you true sight for 10 ft.
Loot: A black glove (Unidentified)
Mai blinked and saw the door and thought it’s a mimic. 
Pecorine heard someone talking. Asking her to reveal his monstrous self.
The bishop isn’t in a very good condition right now, and she’s drained due to the DeAtengale during the teleport. She has to recover herself.
News from Carmen and the others. A man and a woman talking in the dark.
They’re aim is to get to the deep lore. 
Akashic records will reward us greatly if they lead the others to destruction or capture of the deep lore.
This guy returned to his true form. Magic was dispelled and he transformed into a cambion.
Loots: Enhancer orb (found with the cambion), Piercings (2 magical), Dildo (It’s a dildo of constitution boosting, while you are using it you get +5 con and saving throws) Anal beads (Anal beads of regeneration)
Anton sends a steel defender inside the door.
Minfilia saw a scarecrow that had an odd eye. She was teleported in a hedge maze with Flancer.
Mai encounters steel defender fighting an animated pot
Minfilia encounters a snake person. He’s been trapped here for 6 days. He’s been fighting all sorts of magical creatures.
His name is Sandro. He came from a world of snakes. He came from a world called Ur
They had stories of fey.
He’s a scholar of sorcery. A sorcerer
The dog wakes Emily and told her there's a weird thing that’s happening.
The druids seem to be angry at something
Last message came from Anton. He’s excited about magical technologies.
He said that they took over a homestead in the west, reformists were there and were taken care of. Low level ones. Steel defender was teleported. He requested a steel defender to enter the door and infused it with identity.
These could be a number of different things, a portal, port key.
Old man belongs to an innocent family. Yellow house
Light in the blue house feels like transmutation magic.
They’re might try to stay low key without drawing suspicion
Emily and Strandiz did naughty stuff inside the yellow house
Emily feels a spell has been cast similar to banishment
Something in the middle of the room, a green boot that radiates magical energy
They attached something in the front door. Abjuration and divination ward
Dome of guardian ward (magical item) -
Emily casts speak with plants to the brambles. They said there’s 2 exits. 1 to the northeast and 1 close to the southwest. 2 clues and 2 destinations. Each monster I feed them gives me clues.
Emily encounters a pile of bones. She collected an entire hand of bones
A weird dialect of Gnomish. “Al Khuraz of Korad pass”. (Kureran)
The flower starts to bloom. And they start popping endlessly
Rings, necklaces, gems and gold.
Ring (magical) A ring of elemental protection against fire. It requires attunement. Gain resistance to fire damage.
Ahurian (stereotype, source of herb of the harem)
They try to broker a deal
Anklet (magical) Anklet of binding, cursed item. When worn, you are bound always 5 ft. to the nearest person closest to you.
Map maker (Clockwork) Once attuned, I can have it discover and create a map. 
Mai, north east
Wilhelm scoops some treasure and puts them inside the bag of holding
Mai and Wilhelm found themselves back in the abandoned hunting cottage
Tarran and Avis plays card while waiting for Minfilia
Minfilia only see a portion of a tail.
They used the port-key in the abandoned cottage. The port-key is the door.
Minfilia took a pouch from a trap that contains a gelatinous cube
Minfilia identifies the pouch as a bag of holding
Yuan-ti
Minfilia’s group met with Strandiz and family
Strandiz noted that Yuan-tis existed in feywild
Emily is attuning to a magic item. They found a map-maker
Strandiz sent a signal for them to see that he is reunited with Minfilia
Emily made a deal with the plants to give her clues
They seem to change every 10 mins. The traps
They’re hiding something here in this maze
The port key is connecting to different part of the island
The scarecrow is the port-key that Minfilia triggered
Green boot that left in the middle of the room
Port-key is a wardrobe
A writing on the floor tile. A symbol that had the devil cautioned me about
Tanner dispelled the tiles
Avis looks at the flowers
Avis grabs the flowers
There is a strange head that looks at Avis when she picked up the flowers
They are mandrakes
This creature talked to Avis inside her mind
The couatl. A celestial creature
The creature that Avis met before is a creature that trapped this couatl
His rider is the planetar who calls himself as the DiAthengale
His name is Tymael
Isana’s simulacrum is here and but is a copy
Magical quiver of arrows
Elemental quivers (Magical)
Isana can cast a 7th level spell
The couatl mentioned that it is bound to the maze
Emily sees the Yuan-ti and remembers tales of Yuan-ti kingdoms that has once tried to take over the feywild. They found an entrance to the summer court. Queen Titania that had come in was cursed and turned into gorgons. 
Mai gave pecorine a key to open a mystery door
Inside is a very long blonde woman standing and mouthing. She seems to be commanding a number of cultists. They are casting teleportation circle.
How many of them are inside
Isana, 2 Paladins, 4 cultists (wearing white and brown robes) 2 dogs (druids)
Translucent door vanishes
A blue drake, it is resistant to lightning but it doesn't have a breath weapon. Their wings doesn’t give them fly
Treasure chest. It appears where we threw the bodies
Minfilia got a well of many worlds.
Avis got +2 rapier
Emily got a Robe of Archmagi
Strandiz got a plate of armor of etherealness
Pecorine got a robe of scintillating colors
Oskar got wand of the war mage
Fight against Isana’s simulacrum
The snake went back to his own world
Avis, Tarran, Oskar, Pecorine and Anton (to be teleported to rainoso)
Emily, Strandiz, Flancer, Minfilia, Tanner (stay at hags hq)
Hedwig is summoned in Hags of hama’s HQ
As well as Denise
Isana is transported to the prison area
Their ultimate goal is to preserve life in the impending judgment
Their aim is for survival and magic
Hedwig asked about the DiAthengale? The opposition of theirs
His aim is to destroy the world
Avis brought Drake to warehouse #12 (owned by the bouillards)
The boss got some information from Top.
Top is connected with the reformist
Top finds key personnel and connects them to reformist’s church
Communicating to Uncle rick within 2 years
Uncle Rick isn’t necessarily part of what Uncle Percy is started
Blank paper was given to avis by Oliver
Angelic totem
Avis has a confrontation w/ DiAtengale’s minions but she asked that she agreed to a meeting
She was created in the image who once owned the Isana Walburton
Creator of the simulacrum is her Father.
Rothschild, one of the first era wizards
He is on his path on becoming an Archlich
He is able to enter the orb, in Bastion
Big group in Sanery
Under direction of this Isana
Souveran Rottschild (Archlich)


