Session goals:

Hedwig
Introduce Minfilia and Mystine to the crewmembers
Find an apartment (place for Helda Stark)
Go to Denise Dubois’ house (Hags of Hama)
Learn why the current hags of hama are here in raenoso, learn about their roots, where they came from and if they have another organization that works the same
Start planning and preparing the crew for the prison break (training)

Narmaya
Find more reason to continue living
Earn and save money to open your own shop
Go with Levy and help him prepare for the harvest festival (have more sex with him ;>)
“I need to confirm if these Hags of Hama are reformist church”
“I need to find suppliers and places where I can buy the stuff I want to sell on board”
Ask hedwig what items they got from that botched auction
Meet the new crew member Minfilia
Attend one of Justus’ underground fight , choose a cute identity

Mystine
“Captain Jean paul said, me and minfilia needs to be inducted in La camaraderie so I guess it’s okay since I’m available for work and I heard many good things about the organization”
“I have to tell them about my licensing exam in sanari in a month and about my side job”
“I wonder if they have a clinic inside their organization or a medical team, I’ll have to ask the Captain”
“I need to find a painter asap and a guy with a large cock to model with me. I wonder who’s willing to do it.. Minfilia always helps me out but I want to do it by myself this time and give her a break”
Check the boat named La carnalis and talk to the captain about a possible room for a small clinic on board and also a ward
Play battleship and make new friends

Minfilia

Join la camaraderie (an org that will help me get legit papers)
Find a good suitable source of dead bodies (visit the bog)
Raise more dead bodies to become oarsmen for Hedwig’s ship
Meet the other crewmembers and introduce them to the wonders of necromancy
See if Mystine is being taken care of
Avoid anything that can make you go to jail
Buy new clothes for the girls

Session:

Hedwig hires Minfilia to work on board of Rozen Maiden along with her undead girls
Hedwig thought it’s a good idea to make Minfilia a quartermaster procurement.
There is a Mehicanian fellow asking around
A stowaway, a boy named Tom
Leticia and Andrew
They’re going to attempt to find Mystine because they know she is a confidant of Iluvia but they’re going to try to look for the soul gem.
They know that Iluvia has connections
Ilustrados want answers
iLUSTRADOS - they are special group within the mehicania military who are of covert operations
Mystine talked to a guy who seem to be a leader of the operation
There are 4 by the cone, a person in the main mast, crow’s nest, 5 people on deck; they don’t seem to be prepared for warfare. Same size of rozen maiden which is a caravel.
Mystine was tasked to break the tiller
Message from reception for Hedwig, informant says Denise dubois is looking for helda stark
Another message, a separate informant said the grandmaster wants to see something about Theodore's information.
During some of his rounds, head bosun Adam knocks on my door.
Narmaya goes to meet Levy and they had intercourse

Session goals:

Hedwig

Find an apartment, ask Strandiz to live there
Keep practicing sea navigation
Read books about naval strategies and combat 
Find time to have another book club meeting
Go to Denise Dubois’ house
Theodore 

Narmaya

“I need to confirm if these so called Hags of Hama are the same as those reformist’s church” (drink their blood)
“Yes I offer a protection job for Levy and his sisters while they prepare for the harvest festival”
Find more suppliers
Have more sex adventures with Lev

Mystine

Keep an eye on Strandiz’ health
Pass the Initiation
“I have to talk to the Captain about the details of being a cock model. He has to have sexual intercourse with me which is a problem because he mention that he has his own rule of not doing it with a co-worker which I respect.”
“If he declines the job upon knowing the full details, I’ll need to find a person that fits the management’s category. Maybe I’ll be forced to hire gigolos but the mgmt already warned me about prostitutes.”
Visit La Carnalis
Meet new people

Minfilia

Go around Raenoso with the girls
Buy new clothes for the girls
Be a tourist in Raenoso
Go back to the ship
Look after the ship

Session:

Ramblings of military presence in the island (Tigre’s been tasked to investigate)
Minfilia and Mystine undergoes the initiation for La camaraderie
They both pass the test
Minfilia Diaz
John Currin, a lewd painter who resides by the docks (Mystine decided to hire him)
Single bedroom as well with a couple and a child of 3 yrs old
Hedwig search for apartment with Strandiz and Somme
Narmaya did lascivious act with Lev during the mass or service
Young lady around 23 or 24 yrs old
Jean paul and mystine bought prints of their “play”
Mystine plans to frame one of them
Cracoix, La Carnalis’ first mate
Jean Paul makes up imaginary girlfriend to cover his ED
Ministry of Science

*furnitures*
Mattress, sofabed, dining table, chairs, center table, desk, office chair, book shelf, shoe rack, groceries, tablecloths, curtains, kettles, pans, domestic knives, spice rack, pots and plants, bucket for water, tea set, magazines like brina, arms and armors

Nude-y magazine, Night Shift nurses
Running of the hares (despicable and dirty practice)
Phantasmagoria (conference of magicians, wizards, warlocks and people who have knowledge of arcane arts) Alsace.
Assassinaion attack can be made
Mehicanian spy
Apgarian military unit personnel who scans for teleportation circle

Session goals:

Hedwig

Take care of Cotto
Ask Somme to handle the affairs with Theodore
Go to Denise Dubois’ house
Go to the church and help with the harvest festival (Nura tradition)
Book club meeting (Squeeze in a short meeting with book club members and introduce Strandiz and Mystine)

Narmaya

Confirm if the Hags of Hama are reformist church
Find suppliers
Go to the underground fight as little girl Maya, earn money to start-up my small shop. Try to earn 500-1000 GP [CHECK]
Tell Hedwig about the protection job (the church is always a target for the reformist’s church doings)

Mystine

Keep an eye on Strandiz’ health
Find a way to cure his cancer other than casting greater restoration spell
Resume the tour on La Carnalis
Meet new people

Minfilia

“I decided to accept employment from Hedwig, if she wishes to learn about my past through any means I guess I owe that her”
“Once you sign up for the army, death is your retirement”
Stay in the boat and wait for orders.
Maybe I should change my spells to avoid detection from the military. I should buy armor as well soon. 


Session:

Harvest Festival (Nura) Autumn Equinox

In Nura, the harvest festival is held around the season of fall or autumn. It is to celebrate the main harvest of the region. The festival typically features feasting of different foods from the crops harvested around that time. In Nura, People bring in produce from their farms such as milk, ciders,cheeses, fruits and vegetables. There are times where the people also donate an old cow or a pig. 

Decorations: People decorate their houses or the church with baskets of produce. A horse with a cart decorated with ribbons and garlands of flowers. Tables are placed outside the church or a farmhouse and food is prepared the whole day.

A boat full of produce and flowers is sent afloat to the sea

Baskets of food are shared to other people to gain more blessings in the future.

Planning:

We need to travel to different towns nearby raenoso to announce the harvest festival
We need volunteers for the festival, people who will prepare the food baskets, people who will decorate and people who will go to towns to announce the harvest festival.
A group of men and women who are part of the congregation and willing to dance for the festival
A band of musician who will play music the whole day
In Nura, before the feast, we give thanks to nature as well for they are part of the god’s way to bless us abundantly with food. One with nature, like dryads and druids we perform a small ritual dance in the forest naked and adorned only with flowers and leaves. After the dance, we dress up and attend the feast, again at moonlight, we dance again naked.

Session:

Narmaya wakes up around 5 pm inside Lev’s room. He’s planning for the harvest festival.
He is planning to go around the island to announce the harvest festival
Narmaya went to the underground fight with Anton and Tigre. Lev decided to watch
Mystine is on her way to heal a frog man named Godfre(Elder brother of Lamarck)
Mystine casts lesser restoration ton Godfrey to cure his transformation into a frogman
Mystine prevented the full transformation of Godfrey
He was transformed in the bog
Mystine wargs her familiar and saw a cloaked person looking at the ship’s direction
His right eye has yellow eyes
Narcotics licenses, I need to get those
The rickshaw driver is intently listening to narmaya and levy’s discussion
Narmaya charmed the rickshaw driver (Someone asked him to spy on people from La Camaraderie) A monsieur Leonid asked him to do that. He offered 100 GP to do this. Rendezvous location, Leonid will find him. (His name: Podros)
Fathey Levy will be taking Narmaya as some sort of a bodyguard.
A procession, people will be invited out of their home, we will stop at small towns
Distribution of food
Begin a boot strap of festival
Where do they usually hold these festivals
Are there festival grounds here in Raenoso?
Large family of divine masochist congregants
Ask for an appointment with dubois family
Hags of Hama are the one who caused people to turn into frogmen
Some of the members of hags of hama are posing as Gandarm. (We don’t know the reason)
Narmaya wants to keep low profile
Religious group, this hags of hama
Talk to Hedwig about the festival
Hedwig wakes up around 5 in the morning
Hedwig asked for book club meeting
Hedwig interviewed a man named coach roach, maya met him from the tournament
Coach roach is a janitor in local school he want to be contractual
Coach Roach’s name - Oscar Savoy
Adam is notorious in the east
He’s like Jerry Rigging
Nana Clarita, one of those pillars of the east side, like a gang leader, a boss woman
4 pillars of east side, nana clarita is one of them,  Boulliards are one of those
351 - Narmaya’s room
Narmaya needs Minfilia
Leonidas
A guy named Leonid is trying to pay a rickshaw driver to spy on members of La Camaraderie
Roach looks familiar to Somme
He’s been avoiding the military and somme’s men (Roach)
Oskar Savoy, he do look like a savoy
He’s not with the family, he’s been hiding
He’s hiding from military elements
His family hasn’t able to give his protection anymore
Whatever laws they have not necessary
Some of his rats looked in the wrong people
There is something, not a poison but there's no marks in his body, Theodore dead
Adam is the head bosun of La Camaraderie
Mystine’s book : The Island’s most wanted (this book is not sold publicly)
The sinking of the Prince’s warship
Narmaya brings a ship manual for standard caravel
They’re not looking at people who are coming to and fro to La Camaraderie
Narmaya feels like she saw these people inside and there’s a chance they are members of La Camaraderie
Narmaya walks towards Jethro’s place alone
Someone offers narmaya some sweets and lollipop
Island’s most wanted (Red book) - Oskar Savoy 2 counts murder
The person knows about the familiar
Familiar : Pact of the chain
Mystine went to the university with a Dubois
Antoinette Dubois, she’s from the main line of Dubois family, the heiress of the dubois. Formed a socialite club called hags congenial, feminism focused club. Recognizes talent and ambition and talented women to her club.
Denise Dubois is the mascot of hags of hama
Friday, narmaya and lev will go on a trip with minfilia and sierre
The past few days, Theodore has been dead. Corroborative story from the people in the field.
The people who are handling Theodore, the cause of his death is a mystery.
The servant book hasn’t identified
12 stacks of Night Shift nurses.
Narmaya 4 magazines
Hedwig has 6 copies
Anton get 2 copies
Hedwig will go to Denise Dubois with Cotto as her lookout
Somme and Dom are handling investigation about theodore’s death
Narmaya and adam is going to the east side to get supplies and talk to nana clarita
Anton needs to go back to the repair corps
Jean Paul and Mystine and Strandiz to identify magical items
Mystine finds Minfilia, tells him he can’t roam around the  island with the girls for now and he has to be careful.
Clothes shop near the docks
Telur Dom can sew dresses
Alina Rochette
Can Hedwig learn how to make pots of healing? Yes but it’ll take time
Research about vampires
Two vampires
Last seen or last known residence is in Alsace
Lighthouse signifies the island is a place where is free from military
Strandiz identified two of the items
Red aura is an evocation aura (Scepter of fire shield, requires attunement 3 charges, you can use the spell “fire shield” on a creature within 60 ft)
Single use item called a bubble of hope. Magic items, made during the time of divine masochist nuns already exist, 1 spell only beacon of hope.
Narmaya and Adam went to the pastry shop to buy gift for Nana Clarita
Adam and narmaya visits Nana Clarita
Hama’s bog
Hags of hama’s daughter
Hexblood - Children of the women in white, white witches, hags of hama.
They’re desecrating the Bog
Frogmen are truth, mythical creatures
Frogmen, old wive’s tale, multiple stories of frogmen
I heard from some people that frogmen was created to protect the bog
People of Hausi. Language is older than Estregan. Hausi honors their dead by wrapping them in a specific way and burying them in the bog. They kept them to become warriors of the gods.
Women in white had come to the island, they performed services, helped and protected the people from invaders and natural disasters, venerated, called them daughters of the gods.
Deep lore represents knowledge of all the deities, they must commune to the deep lore, talk to it to be able to perform magical feats. The rithma.
Nana Clarita wants them out of the bog
Someone has been riling up the east side. 
Nana Clarita
The bouyards
Parvese
Machado (Familiar to Narmaya) In my crew, there is George machado.
The others are being aggressive, muscles in and sell in territory they must not. They know that they can’t do it.
What have they been selling in Nana Clarita’s territory, white powder. Similar effect and highly addictive. When they have contact with it they couldn’t have enough.
Nana Clarita’s family was once called Buzzards, used to be called prospectors, merchants are the ones who open markets.
Machados are the ones who has been selling these drugs in Nana Clarita’s territory
The machados are mehicanians.
Machado gave free stuff, powder imbued with enchantment
Narmaya purchased 5 bottles of unrefined herb of the harem, dried flower and a bag of shrooms
Some kind of drug that has been laced with magic. Not exact same enchantment
Dubois’ family
Cresseida (a maid of the dubois family) 
Mystine wargs to her bird and patrols the ship and the apartment
Hedwig dines with Denise Dubois, She notices the acts of aristocracy inside the house.
Women’s desk
That time she is somewhat meek, she lets her cousin take the reins.
Her cousin, she is from the main family, she is the heiress, the most beautiful woman. She is right now actually a well respected law practitioner on track to become a judge.
Academical achievements of Denise: Enrolled in political liberal arts, she is struggling with philosophy, something hard won. When you’re meek, people will treat you like you’re nothing.
Denise Dubois 
Cressida Blanchett - Maid
One of the weird things that Mystine sees, everyone else is trying to avoid Denise. When somebody bows to her, mystine observes that she doesn't seem to enjoy being treated like a master.
Special relationship with Cressida
In front of her study is another female guard, a strange uniform similar to the guard outside.
Eren, the guard. Viktor is denise husband
Alina tells Denise that she is a lesbian
Her previous PR is the hags of hama
Military presence here in raenoso
Hedwig is handling her PR
Unfriendly individuals, chairman of the local union who is against Denise
Most of the business community is against her
Denise Dubois’ Political Campaign
Maternity leave
Immediate #2 Abolition and ban of firing women on the grounds of pregnancy
Women’s desk
Help for single mother
Health care availability
Free education for children (sunday school)
We have to look volunteers to be teachers
We’ll have to talk to them
She has supporters in the east side, she has some connections that allowed her to talk with the Boulliards. The Boulliards are a family that is considered to be 4 pillars of the east side. It’s dangerous.
Nana Clarita is being unresponsive for some reason
We don’t want to associate with the machado because their current leader is unsavory, they are not the best for fighting women’s right
Platform points
Scheduling - outreach, message, before we talk logistics, overall
Working schedule : There will be a session, there won’t be a lot of campaigning tomorrow. Privilege speech.
Family tradition
All of her guards are women
Hedwig contacts Somme, he said he finished the investigation with Theodore
The body was found buried somewhere near the stables, the one that the hags doing
Complicated stuff
The hags planted the body there



Four pillars of the east

Machado’s are mehicanian
Boulliard are from the mayon originally
Dubois’ physician is Dr Iluvia Wunderplat
“Speak with the dead” needs mouth
Minfilia felt empty vessels in the bog
Maelstrom spit out this frogmen
The bog changes its features

The Free theater

Max Maurey
Andre Antoine
Andre de Lorde
Alfred Binet
Oscar Metenier
Paula (Old woman)

Session goals

Hedwig

Instead of heading to the Cafe, go to the ship and meet up with Somme.
Remind Mystine to tell Minfilia to disguise Hana before they enter Raenoso
Ask someone to partner up with Coach Roach to keep an eye on him (perhaps Minfilia fits the bill since they get along well)
Go to the east side and meet with Nana Clarita before 7 pm and bring pastries called Silvanas.
Talk to Levy about the plans with Denise Dubois and Nuran harvest festival
Start planning about the Prison break	

Narmaya

Investigate the drugs that’s being spread in the east side (powder of poppy enhance with magic)
Narmaya got pissed with Filia so she stormed out of the ship without her but she realized she needed someone who can speak “mehicanian”. It’s either George Machado or Mystine. (she’ll prob ask for Mystine’s help)
Need to find the source of the drug (It’s imbued with magic so it has to be a spellcaster on the island)
Go to the church in the morning before heading to bed and meet with Lev <3
Tell Lev, he has to bring the tweety nun

Mystine

Return to La Cafe and get some rest, don’t forget to craft 3 pots of healing for Hedwig, Jean Paul and Somme (those who won the battleship against her except for Strandiz since she already gave him 2 vials)
Check on Strandiz, first thing in the morning. Remind him of his medications and diet.
Resume the tour of La Carnalis with Jean Paul (maybe after checking on Strandiz)
Watch Strandiz play with himself in the morning and find time to fulfill the bet
Use the raven to patrol and scout the ship, the cafe and the apartment
Play more battleship with Jean Paul and Strandiz (I need to beat them hard)

Minfilia

Return to raenoso and meet up with Hedwig in the ship (Misty said Hedwig needs me)
Learn more about the yellow haired woman you just slain (She mentioned something about the bodies in the bog are theirs)
Have more sex with fatty and the dead girls (I don’t get what’s up with this fatty, he agreed on fucking my dead girls and now he’s so focused on fucking my cunt, he’s a pervert for sure)
Purchase a good armor and shield that suits my new body
Mystine was saying something about why I killed this person without any strong reason.

Session:

Theodore was found dead, his body was decapitated. The head is nowhere to be found. (The reports earlier before said his body doesn’t have any signs of Murder, when Somme’s men tookt he body to La Camaraderie, his head is decapitated)
Oskar Savoy (Roach Coach) - He is in the red book, a druid who controls insects and rodents. He is hiding from the Authorities with 2 counts of murder.
Hana is a feminist group (the sluts of hama)
According to Jean Paul, Oskar killed 1 person and they’re trying to pin the death to Oskar (death of some kid inside buoyard territory, why they pinned it on him, Somme isn’t sure) . According to Oskar, he’s the most expendable.
Machado isn't talking to the Military government.
Hedwig and Narmaya ask George Machado for help since he can speak Mehicanian.
Narmaya will pretend to be a party girl named Jordyn Wood. George is disguising himself as Kyle.
Hedwig asks Hana questions
Hana is from Montrabar. Hana Montana
She is not a magic user
She used to have brown hair and brown eyes
How did they give her magic (Surgery)
Angela and Belinda gave her magic
She patrols boundaries of the bog
She’s already a bow-user
Belinda taught her fighting tactics and how to use magic
Mostly they’re there to make sure the girls aren’t attacked by frogmen
Some mercenaries have been going around
Belinda and Angela are part of Jandarm even before joining the hags
Are they foreigners? They look like foreigners
Current hags of hama are successors of the original ones legacy
Feminists group
Help women of the island become more than who they are.
Narmaya and George heads to the east disguised a couple
Border of Favela’s and Nana Clarita’s territory (operating and crossing over it has to be somewhere there)
Poppy (a lot of people sell poppy in that area, it’s cheap and effective)
Narmaya and George had sex on a rickshaw with the rickshaw driver
El casa grande, where George lived.
New stuff. (good deal for it)
PW in Mehicania (Viva Cultura Mehicano)
Hakarandha (this fucker’s real name) Marcos (Miguel’s name)
Narmaya managed to charmed the sellers (They buy the product from a rickshaw, the rickshaw comes here from el casa grande) 
Narmaya scouts around El casa grande
Rigatona and Uyama (Freeholds)
Leonid (his family works with this guy)
A person goes out of the front door with a rickshaw, he pulls the fabric off the rickshaw and rations it to the rickshaws, they are not in equal amounts, one of them gets a larger cut.
We decided to follow the larger amount
It seem that they're going to the plantations (wheat fields) East ward
If we go straight we’re heading to cliffside village
There’s going to be a fork in the road, if we turn left it’s heading towards the plantation
There is an abandoned homestead about half an hour away from the ambush scene, it’s in the direction on the way to cliffside village. 30 mins away from port raenoso.
This homestead fits a family of 6
Parvese Family is known for its Red light district, all sorts of entertainment, whore businesses. Rumors of human trafficking. Behind some kidnappings.
1 of the four rickshaw drivers seem to have left an establishment here, heading back to el casa grande. Establishment beside Midget wrestling
Hedwig dismissed the rest of them
Mystine is disgusted by Oskar and Minfilia having sex
Mystine holds clinic for Rozen Maiden in there infirmary
Andy is a new employee
Andy Andrews, 21 yrs old, Pale blue, hair is light brunette, clean features
Oskar Savoy has glandular disorder that makes him look bloated ang accumulate fat (last doctor he saw said he should stop eating) he also has gastrointestinal disorder that causes halitosis. Mystine treated him with lesser restoration spell
Theodore is a confirmed Military presence.
Mystine goes to La Carnalis to see Jean Paul.
208 Mystine’s new room in front of Adam’s room

Session goals:

NPCs: Hedwig, Somme, Dom, Cotto, Narmaya, Mystine, Jean Paul, Minfilia, Oskar, Jethro, Andy, Strandiz, Rozen Maiden crew, Denise Dubois, Father Levy, George Machado.

Hedwig

Head to the east and meet with Nana Clarita, don’t forget to bring Pastries
Investigate more about the Machado’s business and the other families (Find out who is this Leonidas person)
Bring Somme, Dom and Cotto with you and walk around the area, disguise yourself.
Talk to Strandiz and Anton and ask for Adam’s advice on  weaponizing Rozen Maiden (in preparation for Prison break)
Audit Rozen Maiden’s account
The next day, attend a lunch meeting with Denise Dubois, investigate more about her family
In the morning, head to the church and talk to Father Levy about the harvest festival and about Denise Dubois, tell him that the hags of hama are helping her and she had given spellcasting
Tell Denise to Bring her husband along with her to show support for her campaign

Narmaya

Head to the church and meet up with Lev before sunrise <3
Travel from town to town and announce the Harvest festival that will be held in Raenoso
Dress appropriately and wear undergarments (pretend to be a young girl who’s a member of the congregation whose helping Father Lev)
Register for the fighting match that’s happening on Sunday (tandem fight with auguste)
Go to a blacksmith and buy chains or buy a strong rope (it’s for the full moon)

Mystine

Finish the tour of the La Carnalis with Capt. Jean Paul <3
Give the crew report to Somme (crew members’ condition and treatment)
Find time to craft 3 potions of healing (for Hedwig, Jean Paul and Somme)
Use the raven to patrol the docks, the apartment and the ship
Check on Strandiz every now and then about his health <3 (see if his condition progress)
Check on Andy Andrews blood sugar level the next day play Battleship with him
Wear clothes that can malfunction

Minfilia

Prepare restorative spells and buff spells
Be useful and like Mystine said you have to protect your new life and freedom
Since Narmaya is away, act as the temporary Quartermaster
Learn where Narmaya get supplies, learn more about being rozen maiden’s QM
Get a good armor, maybe start with a light one?
Await for orders from Captain Hedwig
Learn more about the Mehicanians that lived here in Raenoso
Learn more about the Hags of Hama from Hedwig

Session:

Prison break is something the La Carnalis are supposed to do.
It involved members of the La Carnalis that had been taken by the Seneran Navy
Senerans got the privilege to patrol the trade routes from the north down to posaran sea
There’s no Seneran personnel in Raibon because of the Treaty
Designated Raibon island as demilitarized zone, it’ll be best if there’s no military presence here, senerans or any military
Jean Paul’s old crew are infamous with the Seneran navy and they don’t make any efforts to hide themselves, their banner and figurehead shows what they are. Arrogant privateers. They sank any seneran vessel, disrupted seneran trade, stole their supplies, flooded markets with these items for cheap so the prices will disrupt the spice trade.
Confrontation from 2 frigates, some point they began to flee
They got ambushed, bombarded them with ballistae, fortunately they got pulled away by the currents
Jethro used to be the Grandmaster that time (he still blames himself for what had happened)
Some members of the old crew had been alive and taken into the custody of the seneran navy and that how they come up to their plan
Iluvia and I were both trained in mehicania. 
Where do Hags of Hama source their livers?
Why are they here? - Mystine
Somme brought news to hedwig about Thedore’s dead body
The morgue said they found two flowers inside, undigested flowers inside his abdomen
Mountain Laurel and Damiana
Mountain laurel means danger, something to wary of, agitation, accusing you of becoming ambitious
Damiana - death or exhaustion
Tristan (head quartermaster of the Cafe) basement of La Cafe
Hedwig and Cotto talked to Nana Clarita
Nana Clarita bowed down to Hedwig, she said she is a child of the white witches, daughter of Pomona. (Goddess of nature)
Pagan Goddess of Nature (Pomona)
To be part of hag, you have to be a part of their Coven.
Clarita isn’t one of the numbers, all she knows are stories that passed down from generation to generation. Her Aunts taught her everything she knows about the traditions and lores of this island.
Family Coutillie (Nana Clarita’s family name)
Coutillie are stewards of this island long before
Three revolutions (Apgar Revolutions)
2 was considered a failure because the Nobility was able to fight
Her family lead the slave revolt (during the 2nd apgarian revolution)
Clarita is telling hedwig about her family history
Huge amount of merchandise is not yet found
Do you want to be paid or do you want them out of your territory?
Narmaya mentioned that these drugs came directly from El Casa Grande
Narmaya also mentioned that Hedwig should visit El Casa Grande during their work hours
Machado’s legitimate side of business (general merchandise, hemps, textiles, milk of the poppy, things that can be byproducts of their trade) machado’s has connections with Mehicanian cartels
Boulliards have large access of sources, connections with smugglers
Clarita hates the hags of hama
Denise Dubois (She has been making all sorts of noise recently about how people ought to do their business)
The people in the snail farm are native of the bog
The hags hidden something in the bog, one of them have some means
The mehicanians from her territory go to the church every sunday
A Priest that they brought from home, his name is Leonidas (Father)
Minfilia detected a magic item in Clarita’s basement
A voodoo doll (abjuration magic)
Narmaya went with Father Levy, Sierre and Margareta, they traveled town to town to announce the harvest festival.
Grichon family was already invited by the hags of hama for some sort of a festival
Jeanette’s husband went missing. Last time she saw him they’re talking about a small retreat just the two of us to montrabar. (Narmaya hasn’t been to Montrabar yet)
How did he disappear? In the middle of the night, some noise came from outside (outside their room)
Lingering magical effect here inside the house
He wore what he wears when he starts his day
Work shoes and work garments, he left his workers jacket
Hedwig and her company goes back to the ship
Mystine needs to finalize the payment and fix the inheritance
Father Leonidas, he was sourced by the Machado from Mehicania. (He’s someone who can hide himself from their radar)
This is a recent development. This is too much of a coincidence
Mystine heard of a Leonidas only once while we are in Mehicania, I heard people who are lower of members of Ilustrados saying something along the lines of “Leonidas had given us orders, we must execute to perfection, otherwise you know what would happen”
The Ilustrados are like Strandiz’ department 
Like all of the other kinds of smuggling, one of the things the hospital in particular needs is milk of the poppy which is an anesthetic drug. They are able to get it cheaper using their connections with mehicanian cartels. Iluvia works directly inside the Mehicania. Iluvia is talking to the guevarra’s.
Minfilia knows about the Guevarra’s, legally they sell flowers, a lot of them can be distilled as poison and deadly things. 
Engineers look at the weapon's plans, assess weight distribution and rails to move them and position the weapons carefully and properly. Weight of ammunition itself is called loadout of the ship. The ammunition ordinance of my ship.
Anton Lightning’s room, it has a ward
Minfilia and Somme went to the La Camaraderie
Minfilia visits Tristan and they went to the morgue
Minfilia investigates Theodore’s dead body
His intestine is knotted, the reason could be ritualistic in nature and nothing to do with medicine
For the curse to not leak out, turn the body to magical item
Could be he was used in a ritualistic killing
Flowers (Damiana) - Hallucinogenic flower, in ritualistic manners, it is used for orgy, aphrodisiac, sexually driven hallucinatory dreams.
Local rituals
His body was found by the Jandarm, pulled out the jandamry for a reason
Before his guys gone there his head was cut off
Angela or Belinda could be the person who cut off his head
Adam = Head Bosun
Narmaya is scared of running water (it is a known vampire weakness)
Hedwig will do a lot of paperwork for the rest of her afternoon. Audit Rozen Maiden’s account. Hedwig needs to go to the bank to apply for the boat’s own account.
Somme told Hedwig about what they found in Theodore’s dead body. A couple of pagan groups still do this, the people from the southern Betera region. Freehold of Uyama, Southern Sonima in Apgar and Southwestern Mehicania.
Hedwig is thinking of exploring the bog. Expedition to the bog.
Narmaya resume her travels
They arrived at a small town, one of the women there was fooled by the hags of hama
Westerns
Narmaya transforms to her adult form and followed the scent of the missing woman
She passed by 2 homesteads here, 1 of them is a member of the congregation.
She arrived in a larger town still following the scent of the woman.
She met a guy named Anderson
The scent leads her to a house where the guy who said his name Allen Kravitz introduces the divine masochist.
Bald guy who’s close to 6 ft. He has a serious gaunt face, he has a goatee, a mustache that goes around his mouth. He seems to resemble a blacksmith.
Narmaya listen in to their discussion
“Leni, your dedication to the divine masochist is quite admirable”
“Father De la Fue, some things to discuss with Father De la Fue (They are talking shit about Father De la Fue)
4 of this women
Bishop of Sanari (investigation hopefully by the time of the festival happens)
Wednesday (Telling their employers and their little community of Hamlin)
Sister Candace, Esmeralda, Diana and Fiona
Gertrude a parpellisian
Yellow eyes means potential to grant miracles in their name
Leni is a miner from Hamlin (Renton mines)
Blacksmiths in the area
He (Trev) and his brother works at renton
They are able to go every sunday 2 hrs to go and 2 hrs back is the travel time
The roads aren't maintain anymore
Denise Dubois
Renton Mines, the only mine in the island 
Dela Fontaine
Denise  Dubois is one of their sisters
Putting a parish here, one that would be under the bishop of Sanari
One in Tresemmer
See to it that Father Dela Fue will be kicked out
Fiona came from a small homestead outside tresemmer
Esmeralda from Cock town
Diana - Iarra village
Jeanette - Grichon homestead
150 GP/Gems 450 GP
Narmaya decapitated Candace and she destroyed its skull
A magical stone, 2 daggers, a necklace of the symbol of the divine masochist, 15 gp, 30 sp, 40 cp. 1000 gp worth of pearls
Narmaya threw candace’s body into the sea
Narmaya went back to the hut and mentioned she brought Candace to a healer
Narmaya used the name “Mary Ann”. She left the three women in the hut
Narmaya failed to control herself and went berserk, searching for another victim whose blood is laced with magic, her instinct brought her to the town called Le fare falik
Narmaya smelt the scent of magic from one of the houses and she pretended that she was a lost girl, aiming to get to her prey. A Man opened the door and helped her. He welcomed her inside his home and offered her clothing.
The source of the blood is a young boy around the age of 12-13 yrs old
She snapped back to herself and was able to control her mind. She then immediately left the house. She headed back to hamlin and got help from the town militia, the militia was kind enough to escort her to the stable. The stablemaster offered her a small horse which she used to travel to Montrabar.
She encountered a group of bandits who tried to rob and rape her but to failure. She wounded one of them that scared the entire group.
She brought the wounded man to a small nearby homestead and got help from the villagers. She proceeded to take advantage of the man’s weakness and seduced him.
She had intercourse with the wounded man and with the two teenage boys who lived in that house.

Session goals:

NPC: Hedwig, Narmaya, Mystine, Minfilia, Somme, Cotto, Dom, Father Lev, Jean Paul, Rozen Maiden’s crew, Strandiz, Denise dubois, Clarita, Hags of Hama (fake)

Hedwig

Hedwig did all the paperwork (opened a bank account for Rozen Maiden, checked Mystine’s reports about the illnesses and treatment she had done with the crew, she will also do Denise Dubois’ PR reports)
She’ll finish around 8 in the evening.
Hedwig will prepare to watch Mystine fulfill her lost bet with Jean paul and strandiz
The next day, attend a lunch meeting with Denise Dubois, investigate more about her family. Be her friend and know her genuinely.
In the afternoon, head to the church and talk to Father Levy about the harvest festival and about Denise Dubois, tell him that the hags of hama are helping her and she has been given spellcasting ability.
Tell Narmaya and Father Levy about the machado sourced Priest, named Father Leonidas.
Go back to Clarita
Plan the expedition to the bog (plan who you’re going to bring and how many people you’re going to bring, what’s the goal of the expedition etc.)
Give the east problem to Strandiz, Minfilia or Mystine or Narmaya (can’t enter houses)
Hold a meeting 

Narmaya

Leave the homestead and resume your travel to Montrabar. Don’t forget to leave gold to the family who took care of your “Brother”
Upon arriving to Montrabar return the horse to the stable
Look for Lev and the sisters
Tell Lev everything that had happened (finding out that the hags of hama are the ones who are pretending to be divine masochist, they’re working with the bishop in sanari, they are spreading rumors about Lev being investigated about touching a young girl which is Narmaya’s fault)
Narmaya needs to get back to Rainoso as soon as possible to report to Hedwig about the hags of hama being the reformist’s church
The hags of hama are using the hags’ lore and name for their own gain. These people are deceptive individuals who use poverty and abuse as part of their recruitment process. They show these people magic and promise them the ability to cast spells in exchange of recruiting them into their ranks. Their goals are still unclear but their ways are deceptive and untrustworthy. They’re not telling the truth to their own people.
Narmaya will report to Hedwig that she failed to control herself and drained the blood of one of the hags of hama’s sister named Candace. Narmaya confessed that even at this age, she finds it hard to control herself when introduced to new types of blood. Candace’s blood has a strong taste of faith and magic. With Both, she failed to control her appetite and killed her and she’s aware that she’s draining her to death. (tell hedwig narmaya used her adult form while commiting the crime) 
Tell Hedwig that she also almost preyed on a young boy around 12 yrs old who resides in a town named Le fare falik. But she was able to calm herself down and she left the house immediately.
Tell hedwig about what happened with the bandits and the man she brought to a homestead.
Narmaya thinks she needs to go on hiding for a while. (Lev’s reputation will go down if she still clings around him so she thinks that she can’t stay around him for now, La Camaraderie will be a target if she also stays there, Ship is a hotspot right now)

Mystine

Go back to the apartment with Strandiz, pick up the potions of healing you made for Hedwig, Somme and Jean Paul. Teach them how to use the potions.
Dress up as Marina Visconti from Night Shift nurses and go to Rozen Maiden
Act like Marina Visconti and have threesome with Jean Paul and Strandiz
Handle the affairs with Iluvia’s inheritance before they find out about Mystine’s betrayal

Minfilia

Await for the captain’s orders

Session goals:

NPC: Hedwig, Cotto, Dom, Somme, Mystine, Jean Paul, Strandiz, Minfilia, Oskar Savoy, Narmaya, Father Levy, Rozen Maiden crew

Hedwig asked Somme about Denise Dubois’ husband “Victor Hardrada”. He is a Konorway, from northern countries (redheads came from there). He is not very showy in public, a merchant, used to be a sailor, he amassed his wealth, he made his way to a couple of ventures, dramatic novelization of his early life. Self-made man with rumored connection with some ancient konor region noble house. 
Viktor owns a fleet of ships, he has his own mercantile company, he is no longer a captain but he operates a number of ships to western ahuria to northern countries.
He is rich from his own merits
According to his old crew men he is a decent captain. His people don’t tend to join la camaraderie. Is he a divine masochist? When he married into the dubois family, he converted. He used to be pagan religion of northern gods. His original ship was dedicated to the god of thunder.
Victor is very careful of his affairs.
Zunigas family is not very well known, considered lowly and they're a family of vendors, people who sell churros and tacos. They get themselves all over the place. 
(Night shift: Luna, Trajan, George, Tiffania, Giselle)
Narmaya arrived in a mountain top village called Montrabar (Rendezvous location) around midnight
Narmaya met a guy named Marcus, a Jeandarme
She reunite with Levy and the sisters
Hey met a healer named Callie (a true hags of hama)
Narmaya and co. checked in a inn with hot spring
Narmaya and co. checked out the inn.
She might like getting flowers, guy getting homework, a desk etc
Minfilia, Jean Paul and Oskar are tasked to go to the east and investigate about the machado priest

Session goals:

Hedwig

At noon, attend the lunch meeting with Mystine, both disguised as Helda Stark and Alina Rochette.
(After meeting w/ Narmaya) Know Denise Dubois more and how she first met the reformist’s church or hags of hama. Get to know her and her husband. Be a friend.
Tell Narmaya and Father Levy about the Machado priest who they call Father Leonidas
Tell Father Levy and the sisters about the Nuran harvest festival
Plan the expedition to the bog. When is the good time to do this and who will Hedwig bring?
Work with Narmaya and Minfilia about the weapon supplies

Hedwig’s PR management for Denise Dubois

Improve her platform (Paid Maternity leave, Women’s desk, Immediate abolition of firing women while she is pregnant, Health care availability for everyone, help for single women)
Women Rising! (Hedwig’s idea of the campaign name, the campaign is to educate girls and women starting around raibon and end gender-base discrimination. Help these women and girls discover the power of education and what they can accomplish if given opportunities to reach their full potential)

Narmaya

Go to the snail farm and convince the snail farmers to join the fall harvest festival, any religion is welcome. Convince them to showcase what Raibon is famous for, which is snails. 
Ride the ferry with Levy, Sierre and Margareta. Observe Levy.
Ask Levy to help you because running water is one of a vampire’s weakness
Head straight to Rozen Maiden with Levy and report to Hedwig about the remaining coven member and the confirmed identity of the fake hags of hama (they are the reformist’s church)
Tell Hedwig about what happened to Candace and the three women you left at Papa Simbal’s hut
Tell Hedwig about the young boy who has yellow eyes in la fare faliq, ask Anton about the boy
Spend the weekend with Anton Lightning like he promised
Join the underground fighting for easy money, Sunday night.

Mystine

Head to the infirmary and hold a clinic (check on Strandiz, check Andy’s blood sugar if it progress to diabetes)
Play Battleship during breakfast with Minfilia (Offer a limited edition painting of Marina Visconti as a prize)
Change to Alina Rochette disguise and go with hedwig to the lunch meeting
Fix the inheritance papers and pay for the inheritance tax, get help from la camaraderie
Meet the medical team of La Camaraderie.

Minfilia

Keep your cool and work with Jean paul and Oskar about the problem with the east
The plan is to pretend to be Sofia Zuniga, one of the Zuniga children who works part-time as a translator. Jean Paul hired me to translate mehicanian for him. All I know is he is a novice merchant who’s looking for suppliers.
Head to El Casa Grande and investigate there (cast detect magic)
Know the identity of the machado priest whom they call Father Leonidas
Is he connected with the grand guignol or the free theater?
Try your best to pretend to be a normal person; you don't have to be a girl but act as an ordinary teenager.
Buy the abandoned homestead at the outskirts of the city near the plantation. Turn it to a tanduarian style brothel (Amazing Clams ahead!)
Raise enough dead bodies to start the repairs of the estate.

Session goals:

Why didn’t Hedwig let George Machado in the mission?
George has a sister named Alessandra (she has a public face that looks diplomatic and kind-hearted, they treat her servants like trash, she has a dungeon. She and her best friend, perverse kids. George’s been there in the dungeon, raped)
She and her lackeys. Take her out somewhere, parvese’s bars, and casinos. Let her win and don’t make it seem like you're letting her win.
The father doesn’t go out in public
Their family is pragmatic
General untrusting and business
Are there yellow eyes in his family?
No rats in his family
Dissatisfaction about apgarian churches
Main street is more traditional strip clubs, casinos and restaurants. 
“You will go on with your plan, keep your cool and work with Jean Paul and Oskar. Learn the identity of Father Leonidas and most important is to act as a proper lady your age.”
How is her alcohol intolerance
Don Alejandro is a calm sort of a man
Mystine is checking Andy
Higher side of normal, borderline diabetes
Hedwig took a bath with her crew
Mystine asked andy what he thinks of the magazine
Narmaya and co arrived at the snail farm
Narmaya search for Cletus
Whenever there is a thunderstorm, the plants are calmer like they respect their situation.
The deep lore is the first story that started it all
Temple of Minerva is going to do the same thing
Strange plants 
Narmaya picked up snails with levy and they kept it
They convinced the people in the snail farm to attend the harvest festival
Minfilia and co went to the east 
Jacques Custeau, a merchant (Jean paul’s fake identity)
Hedwig and Cotto got a cursed item
Large and opulent room
La senorita Machado looks like a fake dominatrix
Our cover is we sell hemp
Machado girl wants minfilia to whip one of the angel that jean paul gave her
She casted detect magic (divination)
Above is an alarm spell, upstairs
Leonidas of the Ilustrados, in my mind memories relieved. Erased from my memories. This man who taught me to raise undead. 
Leadership of Poasah, they made a mistake or probably intentional.
Diocese of Uyama, particular request from Don Alejandro
Impolite for him, even if he outrank Levy
The day of the dead. 
Recent discoveries in ahuria that make it permanent
Magic items that makes penis larger
Have her give me some notice
Don Alejandro is dead. An old friend had called upon him. The old friend actually knows that he is a necromancer.
Gonzalo Gonzales
Racos Palma
Guy brought me to Cemetery
Minfilia reported to hedwig and co.
Magical items found in ahuria
If she knows what these hags of hama are, maybe they’re misrepresenting who they are, they’re fully cognisant of everything.
Hedwig went to the lunch meeting with Mystine, they’re both disguised as Helda Stark and Alina Rochette
Denise Dubois expressed disappointment about two missing sisters
Angela is one of the members of Gandarm of Raibon
Something about them happened, Dr. iluvia
A white stone, everyone is given one when they’re inducted. The stone is a sort of alarm if it comes away from us for more than 5 ft for more than a minute, it will ping to the person  who is attuned to it. Either Angela or one of the lieutenants.
In the beginning she has observations. Since the death or disappearance of Hana it might be necessary.
Both Hana and Candace have been separated but no longer even sensed.
They are in place that rithma couldn’t go through, leadbox or really thick stone walls
There’s a chance that they are captured or death
She received death threats before because of her platform
Dock 14, where Denise’s husband is staying
Mystine had seen this guy before bringing medical supplies and equipment to Iluvia
The context of the meeting is to conduct trade, he isn’t a captain but they signed a document with Iluvia before
La Carnalis, a famous ship, captain Jean Paul De la fouet
He’s not assume to be an ally of the cause
When she was younger, this is something her tutors didn't want her to learn. When she arrived at the university she appreciated the story.
When she returned to the island she had talked to the people in the snail farm.
They don’t have real connection to them but they want to forge one
They do not pretend to have one direct link to the one, they hope that they can find connection by being there
It feels to Hedwig the way she speaks about these, the way she talks about it, is more practiced. Coherent to her, her own thoughts, instead of been pirated
The hags have this ability as well to take their sisterhood, their women to their coven.
Taking their next step for having control of their bodies, choose instead of the power to give lives to transform it to magic.
Gathering rithma
They are refugees from Bastion, they are from Bastion. Used to be religious, they’re used to be divine masochists. What they say is they open their mind from possibilities. They no longer believe in god? Offered by a divine masochist, secrets of enlightenment.
They might be lying, they might be not but what they offer her is something necessary, so far they have upheld their side of the bargain and they have given her what she needs to further career. 
For one thing, they thought her to project herself to be comfortable for public speaking
They had given her tools what she needs
Promise that they did fulfill
There is some sort of training
A lot of talking and speaking in front of other sisters utterly naked
What do they call themselves before “the followers”
They were follow refugees
This isn’t their final destination, they just heard about the hags of hama and the deep lore
Denise is the one who suggested they take the name
Bastion rite, she was what they call the bearer of the whip
Records about bastion
Reformist’s church
She mentioned it by passing about the hags of hama
2 kinds of frogmen (1. Dead that’s converted into frogmen 2. People are turned into frogmen) these two are not conflicting tales. It is not coherent. There are frogmen that are willed to be warriors. (instinctive) the other kind is the intelligent kind, knows how to speak
Are you compelled to report to this people
They have a sort of a bond that is quite evident to her
Bearer of the whip - designated as community’s representative of the matron, the venerable matron.
Concentrated on the eastern butera, peninsula countries
Cresseida is a face-stealer
Hedwig used the book to interrogate the face stealer
Handlers took the real cressida, bearer of the whip, her name is angela
They are usually killed, this was left alive, in case
A year
Disguise self and being coy
She doesn’t have a partner.
She has 3 faces
Random mehicanian (infiltration)
There is a person from mehicanian military, also happens to be monseigneur, nothing further, his wards are further
She is a sorcerer. 
A letter of sending, it acts as sending spell, it will be received on another piece of papers
She knew about the meeting in les escargot. She hid the paper inside the bathroom. When she used the bathroom she retrieved it and sent a letter to angela.
She told them that Helda and Alina are convincing Denise to go rogue. They’re going to meet someone, she would not say. Need support
“Denise Dubois is scared because of the disappearance of our sisters. Helda suggested they go hide in Montrabar for a couple of days. It was a false alarm.”
Angela responded “Deborah is dead, some misunderstanding this was, how do we know this helda and alina are to be trusted. Helda is always questionable to me.”
She didn’t mean to kill one of them.
“You better be right about this, three sisters, gone now. The next one is on you”
“Be there to meet you with belinda”
Hedwig will go to montrabar with denise

Session goals:

Hedwig

Travel to Montrabar with Denise Dubois. Using Viktor’s vessel, port to Tresemmer then ride a carriage to Montrabar.
Decide who is the best to bring.
Look for the woman named Calliope and her house.
Keep appearances with the other members of hags of hama.

Narmaya

Stay on the boat and await for Hedwig’s orders
Decide if it’s wise to continue your travel with the Priest and the sisters. (covering all other homesteads for the harvest festival)

Mystine

Go with Hedwig and Denise to Montrabar
Keep Hedwig safe

Minfilia

The Captain wants me to help the Firstmate with his duties as the Grandmaster so I’ll go with him to conduct interrogation like back in the military.
Time for my girls to work on the ship. 
Session:

“Why do we have to report to you all?”
“Leave Rozen maiden to Jean Paul for now, he’ll lead the vessel and travel to tresemmer, port there and travel to montrabar with some men but make sure to leave someone in the ship. Await orders and leave some men in montrabar”
The center of the bog
There is a safeway to go to the center of the bog
Frogmen holds the hint on how to explore the bog and get to the center safely
Hedwig confirmed if Denise is a real hexblood and so far she is showing signs
Hedwig taught denise to focus on her eerie token and they manage to confirm that Cressida is still alive
Minfilia goes to Somme to help him with his men
Narmaya continues her travel with the priest
Sierre heard his name, it’s attached to Uyama
Somme’s men : Ned Parma 49 been working with la camaraderie for 10 yrs, working with Somme directly. Kane Demoux 29 5 yrs. Nicolette Mayonne 36 yrs old 8 yrs initially member from their mainland estregan branch, transferred here a few yrs ago.
Nicollete, taped in her thighs, is a needle. Poison needles, paralyzing poison.
She felt uncomfortable with Minfilia’s casting spells
Who have you met that has yellow eyes? She haven’t met members of La camaraderie that does have yellow eyes
Andrew, military that has yellow eyes (flirting with one of the vendors in the marker, trying to ask about comings and goings of the boats in the island)
Andrew Andersen
Hamlin
Kane - Has illegal substance inside his ass. A very potent truth serum.
Detect thoughts, a little angry with somme. He drops some of the serum in her morning drinks. One of the girls, a member of the military, had been asking. He had suspicions that what they’re talking about is encoded. This guy had been always around, walking and talking and dealing with all sorts of people.
First time she ever saw this man, he’s close to a divine masochist church. Talking to our guy Theodore. 
Jandarm woman from raibon. Belinda went to Jacoby's homestead. Doing it while in the field. Looking at the outhouse.
Yellow hair and yellow eyes. He had always heard about Cotto and his ability. Small chick biting on your neck. He means narmaya.
Senerans are very strict in their adherence to ensuring proper procedure is done. They’re not executed without trial.It’s rare for someone to be killed while incarcerated, they’ll try to extract information first before killing them.
Detect magic on this person and he has some enchantments. 
Kane, looking for traces for apgarian personnel, had gone. He had not found anything.
He’d come in contact with some people. He’s trying to flip with his memories. 
There’s an instance where he could’ve met someone. Minfilia casts a curse on him.
He met a man with mousy hair told him to “fuck off”. He forgot all the information.
He said that he’s been following this man. Why is he in hamlin? They’re trying to look for evidence of this Military personnel. Following the death of Theodore, they’re trying to see if they’re still operating on this island.
This mousy man is another guy who talks to Andrew, either he is trying to recruit him or he is a member. 
The lot that Minfilia wants to buy is pretty creepy, a family died there, hanged and flayed.
Killing is motivated by racial aspect that involves garatonian.
There are a number of them that roam with caravans, they’re nomadic people and people mistrust them. There are also garatonian that came from Garatonian lands.
Narmaya and Levy found a child inside the cursed lot. A child, they killed her family just to get her. Kidnapped by Parvese family. She can’t remember it anymore and she was sold to more people. How did she escape? There were others who made trouble trying to escape, they’re being subdued by the guards and all of sudden something exploded in front of her. Run away as far as she can. 
She is a sorcerer. The Parvese family is trafficking children with yellow eyes and green skin.
Does she have a living relative? In garatoni, southwestern poasah.
A guy with an eyepatch and peg leg they call them the captain. She doesn’t remember anything here. They put a bag on her head. It was noisy.
They seem to have been found (Military personnel had disappeared)
They moved to hamlin (it’s a mining town, the only iron mine in the island, halfway point to some lumber yards)
Hamlin is where the shipwrights source their raw materials
We have to reconnect with the deep lore
Hedwig and Denise reconnected with Calliope
Bring ourselves to the center of the bog
What they have done is quite clever. 
The bog has its life in its own
Autumn equinox is a good time to travel to the bog or explore because the swirling chaos around the center is somewhat calmer
The changes of the features of the bog is somewhat frozen
After talking to Calliope they went to an inn
Denise is not endanger for those sort of things
The sisters are being targeted
Spread a word to the women of the island
A woman is already a council member
They’re willing to undermine her position, pull away her fliers
Prospect of having to pay pregnant women. Having to think about it in council is unpopular.
Hags of hama are unpopular amongst the rich crowd
Couple of holds-out. Old perverts
It comes back down to what we're talking about Viktor Hardrada having a small dick
Buzzing around that Viktor Hardrada is gay and that he is cheating with Denise Dubois.
Where’d he spend his recent days? Waterview hotel. (Chance)
Party in waterview hotel. “Soiree”
He’s friends with Tonio Zuniga.
Pedro’s information, not a lot of these northerners, has influence in the council. Some of them are thinking of campaign money on her way.
The carlsh they’re ruling monarch is a Queen
Hags of hama, they’re somewhat popular for them too. Legends of the hags are kinda big for them.
There’s this one merchant up north who goes by the name Freya, she doesn’t talk much. She’s one of those people who likes the Dubois woman. She has yellow hair and yellow eyes typical from those northerner types. The thing about her is she’s kinda new, small time, an entry level to the rich society folks. She’s coming into her own. She’s pretty popular.
Narmaya and Levi had intercourse inside the carriage. They arrive at a homestead named “Martindales”.
Michael Martindale “Pa” owner of the homestead.
The next homestead is a divine masochist family.
Dela Coeur family
Clovis and his brother Dave.
One of her Eldest, Ernest, he does good carvings out of the wood. 
Hedwig and Mystine
Minfilia meets Eric the paranoiac person
Minfilia feels magic from the guy, an item. (abjuration) his button
It’s quite hard to work with his mind
He started looking around the areas in les maison, it was about 9:03 in the morning. Typically le maison has 3-6 people around that time but there are 8 people. He started to look around to see if there were new faces. They are people who aren't typically around that early.
Justus liaison of the office of myrian trading company in rainoso, he often visits le maison around 10-11 in the morning.
All of a sudden there’s bird starts shooting purple blast in their eyes
4 Jandarm in the unit. They start putting chalk outlines and taking the bodies one at a time. He was more fascinated with the Jandarm and the bodies they were carrying. They had uniforms underneath their clothing. Uniforms of Hags of Hama.
90 ft per second
He started following these Jandarm that was carrying out this body
Inside a woman of some stature, again with yellow hair and yellow eyes but she has tall statues, the others are moving away from this woman. “Izana” is her name. They’re not hags of hama. 
Izana started laying diamonds and she started to revive the dead bodies.
Jandarm are already infiltrated by the hags
Narmaya and Levi, this time they are both heading to the bog.
Animal farm homestead
Homestead Vascon
Smell of death inside the house
Bloodied footprints are here, inconsistent, human
The bodies are inside the dining area
They were flayed, they put the bodies in a certain way
It’s a killer, one empty seat
These family aren’t killed here, they were killed in various areas around the house
Most of the blood had been cleaned, there were still traces of blood
This person is a spellcaster, they didn't use prestidigitation for cleaning
Hunters or trappers or somebody who gets hide from leathers
The footprint belongs to a man
One of the bodies have been drag from up there
This person is an older upper teenage boy (16-19 yrs old)
There is a struggle here, a broken of ceramic pot that had been smashed
A wooden chair had been broken apart
Master’s bedroom - The masters aren’t here when they died
Behind the wall is a simple safe
Definitely 1 missing boy, about 14-15 yrs old a little bit older than the other girl
The animals inside the barns are dead (crossbow bolts) Narmaya thinks that it’s killing out of frustration maybe bec of annoyance bec the animals are noisy
Minfilia - edge of western side of town. 
A place near the bog, a homestead, was empty.
A family of five people, flayed and positioned that make them look like they’re eating dinner
Earlier today, they passed by the homestead Minfilia wanted to buy. The rest of the estate, we found someone on the second floor. They found a survivor. Maithea Erasti she had been missing since then. Pirates that have taken her, kidnapped. Yellow eyes
(Minfilia’s knowledge about the kidnappings) Young magic users are being kidnapped. They buy magic users for various reasons, rich people and a syndicate ring that trains these people. Perhaps these people sell children to reformists.
Sorcerer is what the kid said, she mentioned. Sorcerer of wild magic
She had been sold by initially called Pervase family
Always thought that Pervase deals with slaves, children.
Narmaya heard a wolf’s whimper coming from the woodlands
Narmaya can smell the blood of a dead wolf (fresh and been spilled)
She definitely smells a lot of blood being carried in the air
Part of the deal is to find a family with a kid with yellow eyes and he gets to play, they take the kid he gets to play. He says his name is fettuccine.He’s a guy with an eye patch in his left eye and peg leg. This is their 6th kid
I think he knows two more.
Norm. he lives in a shack in the middle of the forest. 
Norm is a serial killer
This kid is a young boy, an only child. Father and mother in le fare faliq
This person positioned these people, waited for rigor mortis.

Session goals : 

Hedwig

Travel to Hamlin and investigate about the  military presence there (there are two persons of interest: Andrew and Mousy haired guy both around middle aged)
Plan the expedition to the bog (calliope suggested to explore during the fall equinox)

Narmaya

Report the Vascon family murder to the Gendarm and let them investigate in the scene
You know that the people behind this murder and kidnappings are the Pervase family
Create a careful plan on how to catch the criminals
Relocate the young girl to a much safer place

Mystine

Check on Strandiz and his condition
Keep Hedwig safe and help her investigate military presence in Hamlin

Minfilia

Help with the brewing war in the east
Help the La Camaraderie with solving the murders and the child trafficking

Rozen Maiden crew members:

Hedwig (Captain)
Somme (First-mate)
Cotto (Deckhand)
Dom (Deckhand)
Narmaya (Quartermaster)
Minfilia (Asst. Quartermaster)
Anton Lightning (Head Bosun)
Jethro (Cook)
Andy (Asst. Cook)
Strandiz (Weaponmaster)
Giselle (Deckhand)
Trajan (Deckhand)
Caedus (Deckhand)
Luna (Deckhand)
Margaery (Deckhand)


Temporary crews: Jean Paul (Steersman), Mystine (Physician/Nurse/Navigator)
Session goals:

We docked in rainoso
Strandiz came back from the mission I asked him to do (missing husband)
The husband vanished a month ago
There’s someone else who has problem with the man
A friend of his whom he had falling out
He lent this man a meager part of income in hopes of paying his gambling debt, they haven’t paid for months and repairs for the house.
Hedwig brings Dom, Cotto, Mystine and Strandiz
A child was brought to soiree marin by Narmaya
Her name is Maiteya (wild magic sorcerer)
Her family was attacked because of her
We bring the child to the infirmary
Mystine notes the child’s wounds on her doctor’s book
She does not have a disease atm
She is malnourished and has vitamin deficiency
She is a caster, she is able to cast couple of things
Man with an eye-patch and peg leg. 
Narmaya and Minfilia talks about how to break the trafficking
Speak with the dead the head of the family (Pirates all)
Looks like one of the pirate crews from stories he use to tell his son
There was even a parrot
Mid-morning is the time his son got taken
Narmaya and Minfilia went to the erasti to keep the killer there
From what he knows Denise is going to the fake one
People from the north sending her money
Denise
Those women are frauds 
Father Levi
Narmaya’s friend (resembles Jethro)
There are these women who went here, posing as divine masochists inviting folks around here. (his son, Sonny Kravitz, his son Leni Kravitz) they used his son’s gathering place to talk to these women, convince them to go to a festival.
Mary Ann (Narmaya)
They would’ve received letters
Diana and Esmeralda had seen around these parts and they seemed to be in some kind of a hurry. 
Restaurant something in Rainoso
He used to live in this parts
Hedwig and co arrived in hamlin and rented an inn (around 7pm)
These people are new here, they used to have base in raenoso
They’re acting as newcomers
Could be some people from miners
Merchant’s license, merchant liaison officer.
A Merchant named Andrew (He’s a redhead with yellow eyes). 2 Andrews
Andrew Archibald
Andrew Geraldson - isn’t really Merchant, he’s a miner, he lives around here? Just recently move
Henry fellow, a large man with huge features, brown hair with thick beard and green eyes
He’s new around here, he’s supposed to be here. He said he can’t be here because his wife is pregnant. 
Newbie’s gotta treat in his new salary
He’s not sure if he is a merchant. Curly red hair, kinda tall, doesn’t strike him as a merchant.
He lives 3-4 blocks away from here
Andrew is from tresemmer
Trev, friend of Leni. He’s a blacksmith, he buys ores from them, one of those people that he can see the quality of the ore. He has a weird way of talking
We can go to the mine, Sunday is a rest day.
He has blue eyes and freckled face
Hedwig enters the establishment with Dom
She pretended to be mad and looking for a guy named Andrew Archibald that owes them money
He brought out his ID that say Andrew Geraldsen
Anamaria (his wife)
Seneran vessel, they have reason to believe that they are working with seneran
Disguised ships, 2 members of reformists church
They have a number of spellcasters
Pull-out their ranks from the island, it was a mistake. Instead they’re leaving a group of mercenaries here.
Oskar Savoy maintains that it’s not his fault. He is a member of the free theater.
Oskar is a member of free theater. 
He’s not working for the mehicanian military.
They’ll share the information with Grand guignol. They can’t be completely trusted. 
Hedwig strikes a deal with the apgarian military
Rope of binding
They know General Strandiz (he’s working for this people)
It’s not his son’s orders. Theodore is under his son’s orders.
General Delaran (supreme commander of the force)
He’s never been present on the island (Major Colonel Strandiz, he’s gone missing)
Latest intel that he’s been taken by unknown people
His last location is his home Mayonne.
An orb (enhancer)
Samuel (one of andrew’s men, intelligence gatherer)
Some mehicanian underway to ahuria as well.
Uprising
3 days ago. 
Nicholas Lafayette
Sort our problems
Minfilia frisked the murderer and in his shoe, he has a shiv
4 instances this happened
Narmaya scared denise dubois haters with George Machado
Hedwig wakes up and she talks to somme about holding a book club meeting
Hedwig is planning to ask denise dubois to keep the young girl

Session goals:

Hedwig

In the morning, call for an urgent Book club meeting that will be held in Jethro’s place. Bring a book.
Go to Denise’s house and check up on her and fake Cressida. Talk to Denise about the young girl and tell her to add to her campaign about the murder of the family of yellow hair and eyes children.

Narmaya

Attend the Sunday mass and recreate what you did with Levi last time.
Go to the book club meeting and bring Levi with you. He is deeply involved in this mission.
Report to Hedwig the matters of the east, the murders, the threat in one of the household in Le fare faliq and the fate of the rescued girl.
Prepare for the fight along with Le Petit Tigre
Check on Anton Lightning and Adam, talk to them about Rozen Maiden’s weapon installation.

Mystine

In the morning, hold a clinic in Rozen Maiden. Check on Strandiz’ and Andy’s conditions.
Go to the book club meeting with Jean Paul and Strandiz
Prepare for the fight along with Hedwig

Minfilia

Prioritize the murders and how to end child trafficking
Attend this book club meeting and make sure to bring a book (Go to the book shop with Oskar)




Book Club meeting (Sunday, Lunch time)

Current group of women who reside in the Bog, calling themselves “Hags of Hama” are confirmed members of the Reformist’s church. Plan on how to remove them.
Military personnels are retreating at the moment. Leaving the mission to a group of mercenaries who call themselves the “Grand Guignol” or the “Free theater”.
Murders connected to kidnapping of yellow-eyed and yellow-haired children. Its connection with the Pervese family who are involved with child trafficking.
Methods to use on how to rescue Jethro’s crew from Seneran prison.
Denise’s Dubois campaign
Weaponizing the Rozen Maiden
Fate of the rescued children. Decide on where they should go

Session:

Hedwig receives a letter
Minfilia shops for books with Caedus
Mystine shops for books with Jean Paul
Cotto also received a letter from the ministry of occult

***

Book club meeting

Denise Dubois’ campaign is being sabotage
Izana is a high ranking officer in the hags of hama
Somme investigated all of his men who do infiltration jobs
Grand Guignol’s goals, they’ve been working with the mehicanians for a while. 
Find out who sank that ship in Racos Palma

Galanodels are a banking family

Oneshot

Minfilia
Levi
Anton
Jean Paul
Cotto
 
Session 

Captain Somerset is arriving soon, in about a week's time.
Hedwig and Somme head towards Denise’ house
Mystine received a letter from the Management. The next issue is underway and ready to roll out already. It will arrive in the newsstand later in the afternoon. Part of this envelope are 5 advance copies.
Brief of the next copy. BDSM, where safety is sexy and knowledge is power. Anatomy of spanking, BDSM vs Abuse
Dom introduced Mystine to La Camaraderie’s Medical staff
Medical Staff
- 	Amelie De Pardeux (Proctology) Middle aged in her mid-40’s, she has brunette hair, has bowl cut hair, wearing clean light blue blazer matching light blue pants, pearl necklace and very light make-up. Thick wide rimmed glasses with double vista. 5 ft and 5
- 	Dermot Molroni - 5 ft 9, light blue eyes, strong jaw, gray coat with navy blue tie, straight white teeth, he looks like a lawyer but he is a doctor. Chief Diagnostician around here. (smoker)
-	Dr. Claveria, a bone surgeon. (meat eater)
 
Minutes in a conference of exotic tropical diseases vol 7

****

Session goals:

Hedwig

Go to Denise’ Dubois house with Somme. Discuss the current campaign and endorse the protection of yellow-eyed  yellow-haired individuals or people who can cast magic.
Let her know about the murder that is currently happening in the east
Let Denise know that you are planning on rebuilding the hags of hama (maybe change the name to “children of hama” or “women of hama”)
Plan with Denise about eradicating the reformist’s church before they haven’t found the power source.
Start planning the prison break. What disguise to go in Senera and how to break in the prison.

Narmaya

Update rozen maiden’s ledger
Coordinate with Adam and Anton regarding the materials needed for the weapons
Each day we delay the plan, the Pervese will be suspicious of the Skinner’s location
Work with Minfilia, Anton about the murders
Prepare for the underground fight

Mystine

Make “Building a teaching hospital for magic and non-magic users” a long-term goal.
Discuss taking the orphaned girl under your wing. Teach her spellcasting.
Go to one of the reformist’s meetings
Prepare for the fight


Minfilia

Meet up with Narmaya, Somme, Levy and Anton and start planning on how to catch the traffickers.
Execute the plan
Tell Hedwig that La Carnalis is infested with Succubus crew

Aquafresh/Pecorine

Meet with this Captain Hedwig and ask her what she knows about the Bog.
Find a place to stay (an inn outside the city) make sure to wear your cloak
Write a report to the ministry about what had happened in Braila
Report the Tooth fairy crew joining La Carnalis crew

Rino

Go to Rainoso’s parish church and start working
Help Levy with the Reformist’s problem, tell him what you know about the organization
Help out with the preparation of the Harvest festival

***

Session:

Hedwig and Denise boarded one of Viktor’s ship so they can talk privately
Hedwig remembers a place inside the mansion which is hidden. Cressida confirms that the real Cressida is being kept inside
They perform rituals inside the cupboard. What kind of rituals do they perform? Teleportation circle. A teleportation circle is a form of magic in which one may teleport to another circle location. It requires a diamond and sigil of the teleportation circle you want to go to.
The guards aren’t the same people everytime


Denise’ Schedule

Monday, she has a meeting with Gigi Dupont a member of a council (Denise is the one who initiate the meeting, Lunch time @ the town hall)
Monday we have to visit one of the hags’ meeting
We have to leave after the meeting
Tuesday, denise’ rally at the fountain

Eradicating the hags

Confirm if Cressida is inside the mansion, we roam and investigate and find a way to get inside the cupboard
Facestealer needs to steal one of the higher ranking officer’s faces and check the cupboard, once the FS is inside it needs to confirm if cressida is there. 
Free Cressida. She can go to Alsace and spend time there for a bit. Mystine’s bird is able to take care of the orb.
After the rally, we could form a party that will help us travel the bog and look for the power source/deep lore.

Mystine head backs to Rozen maiden with Adam @ 4:30 pm
Narmaya talks to Adam about the weaponization of Rozen Maiden
6,000 GP for weaponizing Rozen Maiden. 4 Ballistas, Modified Ballista + 4,000 GP Steam-powered loading mechanisms
Start planning it sooner, by tomorrow he’ll start doing measurement.
Narmaya helped Adam measure the ship for the weapons
Narmaya and Mystine goes to the fight bringing Adam and their costume
Hedwig and the rest of her crew joins the underground fight
Narmaya won 2,750 GP
Hedwig and Mystine won 1,400 GP each 
Narmaya borrowed the book from Hedwig with Somme’s authorization and she used it to enthrall the skinner.
Very edge of the small village is somebody just left
Family. Frank (12 incher) Devon (one of the guys around here) Alvin (6 inch)
Sharon (she has a thing for devon)
Frank, Sharon and Alvi
Alvin is most likely has druid powers
Alvin needs a teacher

****

Session goals:

Hedwig

Monday, go to the Justus’ office and ask him to introduce you to the council (morning)
Meet with Denise Dubois by the council’s office (lunch with Gigi Dupont)
Attend one of the Hags of Hama’s meetings (After the lunch meeting. It is to confirm if the real Cressida is being kept there and to destroy the teleportation circle. They also need to take one of the high-ranking officer’s faces. Mystine needs to get her familiar near the power source which is the outhouse. Try summoning it, outside the house to avoid wards)

Narmaya

Before heading to sleep, head back to Rozen Maiden with the family and make the switch. It is highly suggested that the boy should be there and Narmaya. Explain the plan to the family.
Insist on giving the hairpin back to the Father and find a suitable room for them in the ship. Make them comfortable and assure their safety in the ship
Help the young boy (Alvin) find a spellcasting teacher. Either Strandiz or Minfilia.
Donate some money to Father Levy and the church (for repairs and improvements) Leave a note to Levy and the donation. “How have you been? I hope you had fun on your journey, I can’t wait to listen to your stories but I most look forward to smelling your wonderful scent. A portion of my earnings will always go to what you always love. The church. See you soon. Love, Narmaya”
Execute the plan and bait the Pervese family (go in the house with the boy and fake parents. The skinner will enter and pretend to do his job. After a few minutes, the skinner will tell the pervese to enter and take the two children. Put people around the area for reinforcement.
Use the skinner to torture the pirate and his men
Go with Alvin and pretend to be victims. (locate where the pervese family operates)

Mystine

Hold a clinic in rozen maiden in the morning (check on Strandiz and Andy)
Talk to Hedwig on taking the young girl under your wing. Build a teaching hospital or a sanctuary for people with abilities in Rainoso. Using all inheritance money she would gain from Iluvia. Tell Hedwig that there is already someone who’s ready to invest
Talk to the young girl. Tell her that whatever life throws at her, she won’t have any choice but to move on and to build a life around her grief. Mystine will offer her an option to learn. “Healing and medicine are the things I’m very good at. My magic may not be as strong as the others but becoming strong isn’t really what I aim for. My aim is to use magic and the right knowledge to heal people. You might have heard from others that your ability leans towards being destructive but it is not true. The truth is, you have the choice and yours only to make on how you will develop or use your magic. Before all these things, do you have a dream? A goal or something you always wanted to do? Did it change recently? From there, you make a choice. We’re here to help you start, to teach you what we can, basic spell-casting to protect yourself and to make life more convenient for you. If you happen to want to become a healer someday, my offer still stands even if I’m old I will still accept you as a student. For now, breathe in and give yourself a pat on the back and you earned it, you are alive.”
After talking to the girl. Meet with Hedwig and Denise Dubois and go to one of the reformist’s meetings
Investigate the mansion and carefully plan the coming attack

Minfilia

Meet with Somme and ask him about the plan on catching the Pervese family
Go to Le Fare Faliq and help Narmaya
Tell Hedwig that La Carnalis is full of succubus
Tell Mystine about Jean Paul’s new succubus crew

Aquafresh/Pecorine

Meet with this Captain Hedwig and ask her what she knows about the Bog.
Find a place to stay (an inn outside the city) make sure to wear your cloak
Write a report to the ministry about what had happened in Braila
Report the Tooth fairy crew joining La Carnalis crew in rainoso

Rino

Go to Rainoso’s parish church and start working
Help Levy with the Reformist’s problem, tell him what you know about the organization
Help out with the preparation of the Harvest festival

Session:

A guy with peg leg is hanging around the tavern
Narmaya pretended this guy is eric
Patrick (peg leg person) he smells of snuff (tobacco) and cheap perfume
Travel and leisure magazine, he is a writer (gentleman’s guide to apgar)
Patrick, he’s been here for 3 days and 2 nights. Talking to random people asking them about their lives and towns. Other people, they were people who also passed and stayed at the inn of the tavern, those people stopped here on the way to Hamlin.
Danny (one of the salesmen)
Hedwig went to Justus to call in favor
Mystine holds clinic in Rozen Maiden
Strandiz talks about his recent mission finding the missing husband from Grichon homestead
There are spell components inside the clothes, tied it in ritually (pagan ritual)
All of the doors of the councils has wards
Ward of spell detection - it gives of and alerts whoever who is attuned to it if a certain spell is cast, what spell it was and what level, its emanating divination magic but it’s not attuned to it








Session:

Hedwig and Somme goes to the lunch meeting with Denise and Gigi Dupont @ the city hall
Denise is talking to Gigi’s assistant and secretary “Delilah”
Fabian (Somme’s fake gay name)
Gigi Dupont (councilwoman, around her 40s)
Her position in the council isn’t a drafter, she is a justice
Drafters and Justices, drafters are one of elected officers, justices are selected from a pool of lawyers, not necessarily elected.
Currently one of the laws she is handling is some of Denise’ maternity bills
She analyze the law based on their merits
Giving it to one sector breaking the equality laws
One who had introduced herself as Izana (one of the leader of the group)
They met in of those meetings or balls 
Izana has access to private balls, she was invited by Regis Langlois (a judge) (always very vocal on her descent on her bill that she was proposing) (Reginald DeVilla one of the guys have heard in news have 20 yrs old Katherine)
Outside of Gigi’s door and the room next to gigi is reginald’s office
Emil’s door
Who’s Emil, one of her associates, one of the justices
Mystine gave Jean Paul a copy of night shift nurses
Mystine goes to the office of the counselor to help Hedwig and Denise
Somebody ensure that the Gendarmerie aren’t corrupt
Emil and Regis are members of councilor
Regis and Gina (his secretary)
He met her in a gathering with his friends
Gathering with friends (an orgy of friends, organized by Monsieur Durant, he is the vice Mayor, he had some business with La Camaraderie)
He is asking about certain guarantees about some shipments with the Myrrian company being properly secured
He doesn’t know much about Izana, Mr Durant said that they had met her in one of the conferences in Sanari. She’s content to watch, she was quite in control.
How long? 4 months ago?
The last one was in Degare estate (Durant household) his wife is also part of the orgy
All of the people who attended the orgy
The Durant couple, with a couple of exceptions in masks, was not. They were servants
Narmaya and Alvin is kidnapped by Patrick (guy with peg leg and patch-eye)
They sell these kidnapped children to Poasah
Rainoso chapter sisters : Sister Sierre, Margareta, Fiona, Helena, Pietra, Querida, Blanche, Sapphire. Mother Superior Geraldine
Hedwig went to the mayor and told him about what is happening in Rainoso
Heading up north to Montrabar (this could be a checkpoint) They are going through Hamlin
4 guys
Pecorine writes report for the ministry of occult
The doorway is a magical item that teleports them to Alsace, it is connected to a power source
There are areas that has giants near the orbs

Session:

Hedwig, Gigi, Mayor and Denise Dubois goes to the old city hall
A set of teenagers are fooling around in the area. 
Hedwig notice a strange unnatural shadows
Narmaya arrives with Alvin
Narmaya saw Luka Vascon
Ether (Sleeping drugs)
Narmaya was brought to a barn, a little bit north of the east side.
When you arrive here, I've shaken these guys' minds a little. It’s up to you to convince them to ditch their big boss, 10,000 GP perhaps or 5,000 and a promise of work.
The boss can count on him. He actually runs one of the bars. 
Load the kids to the schooner, go to racos palma, stay there for a couple of days, some of us head back and get word, see what the hell is going there, this way we are in a place where the authorities get us. La camaraderie isn’t able to shoot up their ship.
6 People chained looks like slaves, one guy who has a whip here. A magic item that is attached to the bow of the ship (illusion magic)
2 yrs ago
Erasti estate is the first time they did this thing
Rosamunda Pervese (Head of the Family)
15 children they did
7 is high profile to be seen
They take them to their own docks
The boss, she forged a deal an alliance with the buoyards
They are part of the operation
Buoyards works for Racos Palma
The boss thought that we had to take people with experience with this sort of thing
Buoyards ensure that the cargo get shipped
Reformists
Buoyard got in when? A year ago
Do they do anything, or changes in their management
Paperworks to pin down the pervese
Ledgers written by Rosamunda herself. She keeps it. In her personal space
She takes the invoices from her and she said she writes her down and burns the invoices down
They all claimed that she is a self-made woman
One brothel and made it very popular and a lot of people start going to it
She started buying gambling yards in the area, everything in the red light district
By the time she was 30, she owns the strip
She owns anything that related to any pleasure
Hints of reformists
Layers of separation
If she is connected with the reformist
Warehouse location :
A lantern (Magical item)
A ship lantern of camouflage (3/charges, no attunement required) - when you turn it on 3x per day it will hide your entire ship, make it look like a rock or a piece of debris
Izana is Bishop of reformist’s church in Sanari’

Session goals:

Hedwig

Attend one of the hags of hama meeting
Confirm if the real cressida is in the mansion
Learn more about the magical item that can teleport them to Alsace instantly
Learn about the orb
Learn about the teleportation circle

Narmaya

Find the ledger
Travel back to Le fare faliq to fetch Dom and Frank’s wife, Alvin’s mother

Mystine

Accompany Hedwig and help her with the mission

Minfilia 

Find the ledger

Pecorine

Find a place to stay (apparently peco hates the feeling of having to share the bedroom with Anton and possible Narmaya)
Don’t forget to talk to Cotto about meeting him tomorrow and going with them to the bog
Rino

Help investigate about the Hags of Hama

Session:

Hedwig, Denise and Mystine arrives in the mansion (Reformist Hags of hama)
Sister Carrie approached hedwig with Esme (Godfrey’s wife)
Nothing to report from their end but they’re bringing good news
They plan to  announce it during a bigger holiday (on wednesday)
Somewhere from the outskirts of Rainoso, somewhere around the way to the bog
Mystine’s room 237
Denise’s room 210
Hedwig’s room 215
The high wall defines the property line
This mansion exist elsewhere
The doorway is magical
Mystine summoned her familiar outside the mansion’s window
Three peaks called “Three sisters” or “Three witches”
The village of Hugo
Mystine cast “Detect Magic” while looking around  through her familiar
The walls have defenses  to prevent other people to climb the wall (Abjuration spells and Evocation casted)
Illusory people tending the yard
The mansion looks like a mountain lodge
Outside the gates there is a name
The source of energy is in the courtyard, a utility hut magically locked by abjuration spell
There are women on top of the roof (three of them on different points of roof top)
They have different kinds of magical items
Mystine uses her familiar to  scout outside the mansion
Name outside the mansion’s gate “Rothchild”
The mansion is close to Hugo (Half a mile) the road is meandering
Reformist church has wards that can detect what magic has been casted (identify in the distance)
Dewey flies towards the town of Hugo (Prosperous town like Fugue)
She roams around Hugo using Dewey while casting “detect magic”
2 to 3 people here with magical stones (divination stones indicating presence of reformist’s church)
One of the reformist’s church doing some sexual shame play
There’s more othodox divine masochist presence in Hugo
A signpost in one of the building here that says “La Camaraderie”
Mystine goes inside the office
Offices are in the basement
Mystine’s bird talks to the receptionist of the Hugo office of La Camaraderie (Paul Walker)
Rothschild mansion was built here 150  yrs ago as a summer retreat of Walton Rothchild III
Rothchild mansion owner : Izana Walburton, 45 yrs old
2 days ago is the last reported sighting of Isana in Hugo
Mystine offered to heal the wounded men in Hugo’s la camaraderie
Middle-aged man with Tuberculosis
Couple of men who has various medical conditions
Isana Warburton
Inside the broom closet is a ward and a door
Inside the door is a broom closet and inside is a house
The far end is a set of double door
Hedwig goes to the balcony with face stealer
Face stealer’s name is Donatello (Her mother gave it to her)
Hedwig sees wards around
Outside the balcony are two women wearing outfits of hags of hama standing guard at the ends of each balcony
Straight on view of the three sisters (peak) village of hugo
Two parallel hallways
The face stealer leads me to a room in one of the corridors leading to a door aligned with lead
Inside a second set of doors (ways to secure a lead room)
A person heads out of the door (Isana)
Isana said “You listen here, as soon as I get back, make sure that they are present, there are many things that require my presence” she seem frustrated
Hedwig sees a teleportation circle
Isana uses the Teleportation circle (a pentagram carved in thick stone surface, hedwig sees a symbol in the middle)
Cache of diamonds to the side
Hedwig pulls a (Gauntlet of rock breaking) from a bag of holding
20,000 GP worth of diamonds
Rothchild, Hedwig’s father, had been dealing with these people and established a bank in Salacy. One of the wealthiest family in Betera
Narmaya, Alvin, Luka, Somme, Minfilia, Anton, Oskar, Marquez (Narmaya’s pet) 6 Slaves unnamed
Narmaya had intercourse with Levy
Narmaya and levy travels to Le Fare Faliq
Pecorine looks for an Inn in the outskirts of the city, she manage to find an Inn owned by a man named Olivander or Vander who has a young daughter around HS
Narmaya fooled bandits their head is name Krussack and his boys
Cute guy from the tavern (Marvin)
Pecorine met with Anton on her way to the docks and they talked
Somme, Cotto, Minfilia, Pecorine and Anton
Hausi blood (Intelligent Frogmen)
The reformist’s church made their presence known to the other members
Expedition to the bog

Hedwig
Cotto
Minfilia
Pecorine
Denise
Anton
Donatello

Mystine and Somme will head back to Rainoso and Esme will head back to her family
Anton identified a stick
Dowsing rod of potable water detection. It points you to the direction of a water source that is drinkable. It doesn’t need attunement
Hedwig asked them to put back the other unidentified magic item back to the bag
Gauntlet, mop &  bucket, dowsing rods, 2 halberds
Minfilia and Co. hired Cletus to tour them around the  bog
Masochist cut their 
Pygmy alligators
Stories about a lake, turns out the rumored monster is just a petrified wood
Hedwig uses a martial art called  capoeira
Detect magic
The snails feed on life energy
The snails become larger and huge, after a few days they become big and they’re able to fly
“Don’t step off the path” Cletus reminded Minfilia’s group
Cletus brought us in a clearing where the ground isn’t peat but regular grass
We see a fountain and a rock that is inlaid in the water the rock has a symbol engraved into it
A symbol of the sun
Minfilia asked Cletus who put that symbol there, he doesn't know
Coming of age (during summer solstice) they ask to obtain a specific flower
Snail farm village leader (Girbaud)
They are preparing for festival
Elderly fellow (Girbaud)
False ones (Reformist’s church)
The villager thinks the bog will eventually throw the reformist out
Through the lore that had been passed 
These had happened during the sinking of the town of Hama, the sinking also have tremors or earthquakes. A large cliffside
The town of Hama is still standing, underneath the bog.
Mystine knows the medicinal properties of plants that  grow up in bogs
There’s something that speeding the growth of the plants
Giant dragonflies
Similar appearance as dragonflies
Frogmen who moved along the mist
Intelligent frogmen
The other things that they’re not allowed to enter the center of the bog
Ropes, Insect repellants, Shoes to traverse the bog
Fags (Fake hags of hama)
Martha (owner of the inn)
Hedwig  and Mystine with Esme goes to  the gift shop to buy stuff for babette (esme’s child)
Hedwig bought snail farm souvenirs
The frogmen who had turned are with the other sisters
Bog expedition team

Hedwig
Cotto
Minfilia
Anton
Pecorine
Denise
Don
Cletus

 Hedwig sends Esme, Somme and Mystine off
Weird clearing with symbols (something constructed, a wide circle on the edges are made with peat, the sides seem to be shaped, inside that circle are rings of peat. 60x60 circle. A plant that is growing, surrounding the glowing plant is water
Hedwig touched the stone with the sun symbol (she feels something trying to absorb magic, hedwig allows it to take magic from her)
Symbol on the second stone is a moon
Third symbol is a star
Hedwig touches the flower and a surge of magical energy recharges her but the flower wilts
Words on the side of the hedges
(Estregan) “Go forth, young one, you’ve been shown the path now follow”
Pygmy alligators in the water
Spiders don’t touch people and they eat the dragonflies
Hedwig and co follows the path
Quagmire
Anton uses identify but is useless
A sun carved to it, under half an inch of clear water 
Anton tries to identify the stone again
Hedwig touches the sun stone and gives it energy it tells Hedwig to go Left
Go back to the path, there’s no maze anymore even though we pass the same path
Hedwig sees three buzzing dragonflies (large)
Hedwig sense the center of the bog
Second time she touched the stone, the stone shifts the bog in a specific way
“I felt that happen too, 2 women talking among themselves. “The swirling energy around this place it feels more consistent shifted by huge margin”
They’re mapping the bog
“That’s what I thought, things changed again, Angela’s near the center”
The three of them defeated the two women
Daggers with ruby embedded inside x2, magical stone x2 (reformists dog tags) reformist uniforms x2 (hags of hama) journal x1 (squiggly drawings) charcoal pencil
Huge flowers that stinks it usually tropical flowers, its strange for it to grow in the bog (Rafflesia)
Nectar in the middle of the flower, dead spider on the side
Near the end of the path  but there is a quagmire that blocks the path, to  the side of the quagmire is a belt buckle that able to catch itself to one of the shrubs nearby
Minfilia raised a 15 yr old kid (Angel) Darla’s kid (one of Cletus’ neighbors)
A strange large tree , the trunk of the tree is pulsating, pecorine see telltales of a carnivorous tree here called the shambling mound
This shambling mound, absorbs lightning and is immune to lightning damage, resistance to fire and cold damage and it senses people by movement (similar to tremorsense)
Pecorine charmed the shambling mound
There are multiple giant dragonflies to the right. Going left leads to a narrow path, the snails to the side of the path, edging themselves going to the right.
Minfilia uses Angel to cross the quagmire
Women talking about  nonsense stuff. Short-haired woman with yellow hair. Does not look like anyone we met before.
She was present when Denise was being operated on.
5 women, 2 of them aren’t casters
Racquel (yellow short haired woman)
10 women here within 60 ft not included Racquel and her people
6 more women surveying the area
Angela telling Denise about her being a hexblood
“This place is the town of hama itself, town that had sunk in the ground and turned into a bog after a millenia” strong magical energy from nexus point.
They located at least a singular orb but they don’t believe it to be a nexus point
Attractor orb was discovered
Affinity to this place is not coincidental from what ascertain are Denise’s parents aren’t able to precreate naturally, they found before they approached her that Denise is one of the last few hexblood
They are searching for an entrance to the bog
Orbs are concentration of magical energy into  solid form, different orbs have different properties are manifestation of energies
There are many kinds of orbs, common one they know. Attractor orb - sought to classify them, they attract beings and energies magical beings and raw magic wild magic in itself
Allowing them to concentrate on a single spot
Strange density of this spot could have been because of the attractor that is here
This level of attractor seems to have manifested parts of different planes of existence.
One that does not awaken the sleeping giant within it (one of the defenses of the hags that puts on the place)
Denise seem terrified at what they’re currently looking at
There is a huge amphibious, frog looking creature in the center of the water. There is a giant frog that seems to be sitting on top of something. The orb (attractor) this creature seems to be engorging it, it's within its mouth
Frogmen
They would have them frogmen, maybe because they’re using the same thing on the way to the mansion
Free the frogmen??
Don as Izana asked Denise to order Hedwig to help with the search
Cletus kisses Denise’s feet
The mud hut stores supplies they don’t want to spend spell slot for create/food water
The frogmen are held in fences, there are holding areas that had been set-up. Sections there that had been laid-out

Session:

We are not yet close to the frogmen
Denise and Hedwig went to a makeshift hut
The water glows slightly when Minfilia casts animate dead
Dead frogmen
People was invited for their life energy (sacrifice)
Korad pass that created a bubble of time
Minfilia raised 5 frogmen
Peco greets one of the undead frogmen
Humanoid, stage 2 frogmen, webs near its neck, small slit
Godfrey the frogmen
He’s not a frogman anymore
3 stages of development, when you get 3rd stage it’s permanent
Peco goes a bit closer and goes deeper and deeper
Warm reddish glow
Orb gives you deep lore?
He’s with the intelligent frogmen
Those bulges or mounds of peat in the middle of the lake peat thats on top of ruined structures
Pecorine notices it’s not just a hole but a step down
Arches are covered with peat, moss and fungi
Outline of a giant frog
Difference of this giant frog from frogmen and regular frog
Glow of light is coming from within it
It’s croaking but it’s asleep
Pecorine feels swirling of magical energy and she’s being drawn closer to it
Minfilia felt the same 
A portal to extra planar realm
4 reformist guarding the frogmen
Hedwig pretends to have fear of men
Some of the frogmen are old intelligent
Bartok (tender) Vianca, Pancho, Razputin (he is much further north)muscovian
Razputin is blind
Those in the back
How long have you been here in the bog? They’re not sure
Have you met a hag before?
His family here just moved here, his grandfather left some land here and turned it into a farm
From what he knows
Some of Angela’s people discovered these creatures in the first place
They became frogmen and they found them
Old frogmen don’t exist
They assume that these ones aren’t ready
Previous attempts have failed
Options that have explored
Those stage 2 didn't even react
Feeding them with magical energy
Give them the abilities of a caster
Liver transplant,t he frogmen rejected the magical liver
How much of the bog have you explored?
It shifts everytime, the changes are unpredictable
Hedwig asked Denise to give blood to one of the frogmen
The frogman looks like he’s having some sort of seizure
For some reason the light underwater seem to be pulsing
Vaguely of a human
Limbs changed into frog-shaped
Hexblood given to undead frogmen
Rumors of hexblood
A number of natives in the islands
They plan to spill their life energy
“Dangerous people imprisoned us, enemies”
Orb turns crimson red
Angela has greatsword
Angela’s armor is magical
Full plate (cursed)
Small pouch with diamonds (500 gp) rubies (200 gp) 19 gp 20 sp 10 cp
Magical stone (tracker)
Particularly large snails under the water
Some sort of bubbling as some of the snails are beginning to crack
Giant frog
The third stage, there is no cure. There need not be a cure, the knowledge is flooding into me
Memories, and the past and this place used to be is flooding in his mind
Born from the Hags
Potential to be like my parents (as for responsibilities and obligations but we have the power to do so)
Entrance is below
He cannot raise the doorway alone
We need to turn the others as frogmen
Specific kind of bog water
Bog water + snails + life energy into it
It’s not the deep lore, he’s receiving a trickle or droplets
Lauren (the name of the frogman)
3x trackers
2x piercing
Hedwig and Denise are having hard time choosing who to turn into frogmen
Hedwig asked Somme to come with Mystine, Levy, Narmaya, Rino
Ship reinforcement : Jean Paul, Strandiz, Minfilia, Anton, Pecorine, Dom
Minfilia sent a message to Leonidas asking about orb
Hedwig asked Anton, Peco and Cotto to deal with the other frogmen
Perks of being a frogmen, access to deep lore, contemplation and meaning of the universe
Outer layer - every hour
Second layer - every 60 hrs
Third layer is inner layer
Characters:

Sweep team:

Levy
Rino
Narmaya
Don (Face Stealer)
Mystine

Exploration team:

Hedwig
Anton
Cotto
Pecorine


Session goals:

Hedwig

Explore the underground ruins with Cotto, Pecorine and Anton (Anton is native of Raibon)
Ask help from the Frogmen and don’t forget to fulfill the contracts for the volunteers
Restore the real Hags of Hama (Be determined to restore the old Hags of Hama even if it takes to abdicate position to become Duchess of Salicy)

Narmaya

Ask one of the frogmen to help your team with navigating the bog (easiest path towards the mansion)
Head to the Reformist’s church base
Help Mystine plan the attack

Minfilia 

Head back to the ship with Oskar and Somme
Get some rest (Do light activities such as help Jethro)
Check on Alvin and his family
Read your spellbook and change some spells you prepared to help Somme

Mystine

Plan the attack with Narmaya, Levy, Rino and Don (Facestealer)
Take the rescued women to La Camaraderie (Hugo)
Take over the mansion and the magical doorway that leads to Hugo
Defeat and disable the power source (most likely the orb of power)
Look for more magical item that the reformist’s church uses
Look for souvenir for Jean Paul and Strandiz

Pecorine

Follow Hedwig and Cotto
Take a lot of notes about the whole ruins (How to get there and what it looks like and make sure to learn more about the Hexbloods and the deep lore)
Interview the Frogmen about the deep lore

Rino

Help Hedwig’s crewmates on dealing with members of the Reformist’s church
Rescue as much people as you can, women who got brainwashed by the Reformist
Become a support for these women, help them heal and forget the cult
Session:

Hedwig and her crew travels back to the center of the Bog
Narmaya sensed casters from the nearby clearing and she volunteered to deal with them, Hedwig allowed it.
One of the women surrendered and asked not be harmed (Veronica)
Hedwig asked Narmaya to “check” their bodies
Narmaya got (18 GP, 25 SP, 47 CP) 
Intelligent frogmen (The Frog collective)
They are merely conduit of the deep lore
Upon Hedwig’s commands he will arise allow entrance
Hedwig asked for the intelligent frogmen’s help to guide the sweep team towards the mansion
Hedwig asked the frogmen to wake the giant frog to allow them entrance
Maelstrom and a tunnel that pierces through this wall of water shows a path way
Hedwig and the exploration team descend into the center of the bog.

Sweep team

They encounter three people from reformist’s church trying to explore the bog
Some of the crowd are local
Mystine is looking around the area and saw a row of trees that’s similar where we’ve been before
There wards are used to keep the mist at bay
The bog raised the undead frogmen to protect the bog
Nobody can send them reinforcement, they know that the bishop is trapped in Sanary
Mystine and Don entered the Backdoor
The door is shimmering some way and it’s shimmer
Belinda took a potion (???) and transformed into something monstrous but Rino halted her transformation, killing her.
The tree is alive
Estate on the hillside (a very steep slope)
Mystine and the others arrived in Hugo using the weird entrance (with the crawl space)
Reinforcements: Lydia, BBC, paul walker 20 people
Paul Walker he thinks Jean Paul is a hero
Lydia (GM of La camaraderie in Hugo)
BBC Sebastian
Belinda turned into a meat blob. Rino casted to remove the disease while she in the middle of transforming into a monster
Narmaya and group started to investigate each room
Mystine casts detect magic inside the function  room and found a magical ornament (wooden box)
Offices of Belinda, Angela and Isana
The vial is designed to be launched to the intruder (a vial of acid)
Deed to this estate (name after Isana Walburton)
Checkbooks for financial records (inherited a lot of money)
117,000 gp (it’s enough to run a sizeable town)
She doesn’t run Hugo and doesn’t concern herself with affairs of the town
It’s been named Hugo for quite a while 
Traded back to Alsacian government and part of Apgar confederacy
Nine-tailed whip (Magical) Evocation
Small ornate chest (unlocked) (magical)(covered by lead)
Piercings (cursed and enchantment) 5 piercings (gold)
Rino took a book from the shelf (The theology of pain)
Strong magic coming from the chandelier, a metal object embedded in the chandelier
Mystine has 2 vials of acid (2d8 acid damage)
Belinda’s room: A letter opener (magical) divination type magic
Narmaya asked the woman who keeps following them to gather all women to the function hall
They all look meek and submissive
Facestealer is working for Hedwig and he calls her his “Mistress”
Rino leads the party upstairs
Hidden room - the room contains a glass enclosure with no visible frames or hinges. The thing inside the enclosure is magical. A table and on top of the table seems to be a large syringe. There’s no defined magic, it’s wild magic
Light spell is flickering
Trapdoor that leads to underground
Isana’s office is the smallest room among the three
No desks or table, just a bed
Healer’s cottage fills of crystals, herbs and plants
A small cauldron
Magical copper plate (evocational)
Lock box (magical item) attuned to Isana
Documents, really old documents
Old documents in old kalasar (explains the content of the syringe, it contains some sort of fluid that is able to take over and control of creatures that are called “aberrations”, are certain creatures that are older. It is thought that such creatures lay dormant in various parts of the world. Deep lore aberration?
Next page describes the manufacture of the fluid and it says that they have built a prototype mechanism that makes these fluids in some sort of facility. This is the facility
Copper plate
Enema
Old woman who bathed in blood of virgin
Priest?
South wing (hugo part) North wing (Bog part)
The particular woman’s eyeballs is assessing the situation and look for exit points
The woman squirms a bit
Mystine found another facestealer
“Are you the Priest?” - He is trying to lie (unconfirmed)
“How many face stealers have been brought here in Rainoso? Facestealers” - “As far as he knows there’s only two”
Narmaya charmed the facestealer and she asked him to change into farmer, this person likes transforming into insignificant people
“Where are the other members of your sacrament?” - “The raibonian parish hasn’t completed their sacraments”
Bearer of the whip - Angela
Bearer of the sword - Belinda
Candlebearer - Candace
Face stealer - The “Priest”
“Once he get his way, now i'm so close to the bishop”
They’re here to find the deep lore. Find more about these hags of hama. Reformist knew that this place holds a nexus point of some
Doorway was installed by the Archons at the request of the bishop
Don brought Mystine and the others to where the teleportation circle is
There are still magic items here
A coin (magical) Transmutation magic
A vibrator (magical) Enchantment
A hand mirror (magical) Conjuration
17 GP, 6 SP, 35 CP
Small dungeon. Chain (Magical) Paddle (Magical) 9 tailed whip (Magical)
Isana’s master bedroom
2 dildos (magical) abjuration & evocation
Tub (magical) evocation
Wardrobe (magical) 

Session

Utility house - A stone wall at the back of the house, symbols with words on them (it says “down”) Mystine had seen one of these before (Kureran technology) “Blood is required”
Mystine pricked her finger and used it to press the button
Pin prick size keyhole
Enhancer orb in the middle of the room
Behind this orb has a similar bridge but broken
Mystine asked Narmaya to cross the broken bridge by floating
Chapel is two blocks away to the left
Narmaya sees the full moon
Narmaya and Levi sneaks to check the church
Thieves’ guild
He was just asked to steal something of value
Bryan from the local thieves’ guild
Bryan is the one whose to get him in
Orphanage somewhere close in the middle of town (St. Taggarts)
Beside the chalice is a small locket made of wrought iron, circular locket
The man in the picture is wearing a habit, assuming he is a priest
Narmaya infused the dead door with magic but it takes a lot of magical energy

Hedwig

4 reformist had gone through half of the mazes
Inside the brim is a creature that looks oily, brown and green that reminds her of the giant frog
Deep lore slumbers
The deep lore feeds Hedwig rituals and regimen to get them ready to become a hag.
“How do I become one myself?”
“You shall sacrifice a few ability to create life in exchange of power”
Hedwig made a sacrifice in exchange of knowledge of deep lore, she exchanged her skill in capoeira to become a Hag
Hags of Hama are grouped in three
They went inside the lodgings
Cursed Ring - (Ring of Infatuation) Wearer instantly attunes to it. Becomes infatuated to the last person who touched the person. IF this person is within 300 ft of you in the same plane of existence with you, they're immediately drawn to them. Charmed by the person.
Bath that can fill itself
A room dedicated to the Pagan gods
Hedwig tried to contact Somme through their connection

Minfilia

Strandiz and the others are alert
It's familiar. It’s Leonidas familiar
La Carnalis moved to the sea to conduct new repairs for his ship
Strandiz said that its effective to confront them with their true form
Denise was talking to 
Aberrations are strange creatures that can enter ones mind

Hedwig

Hedwig identified the magical doorway
Instantaneous travel, it’s a twin door of instantaneous traveling, it requires an accumulated spell slot of 6 it is able to take 4 people at once
Inn called hotel gothard





Session

Time: Rainoso (7 pm)
Hugo (9 pm)

Narmaya and Levi traveled 3 hrs from the snail farm to Jacoby’s homestead to check on Esme and her family (One of the girls told her that Carly went after Esme)
Hedwig and company, stayed in an Inn in Hugo for the night
Narmaya beat up a guard, he was paid by a group of women
Narmaya sees lights from the Jacoby’s homestead
I see someone from the thickets
4 women forced their way inside
Narmaya saw Godfrey near the fence
Carly is upstairs with the family and Miranda
Narmaya delivered Carly and 3 other women to La Camaraderie
Firstmate, Oskar and Strandiz tasked to bring Dubois back to the bog
He was born in Burtz (One of the caves possibly a breeding pit)
Anton suffering from magical poisoning

Session goals:

Hedwig 

Turn Denise to a full Hag
Find Irene and Sheila who’s currently missing or hiding
Tell Somme to deal with the Pervase family
Ask Mystine to investigate the mansion with Strandiz
Find a suitable face for Don (Calliope’s face?)

Narmaya

Head back to Rainoso
Prepare for the festival
Head to the boat and perform your duties as QM

Mystine

Search and investigate the mansion
Suggest to Hedwig to move the magical door elsewhere instead of the Bog

Minfilia

Make a move against the Pervase (take the ledger)

Session : 

Hugo - 4 am
Raibon - 1 am

Free theater is interested in the Mehicanian (Leonidas)
They’ve been hired by the government to find where he is
Free theater is employed by the Apgarian government
Hedwig suggested to Oskar to bring Minfilia to their Free theater meeting
Hedwig asked Oskar to locate Irene and Sheila
Hedwig, Somme, Cotto and Denise goes to the fellowship’s HQ
Mystine and Strandiz investigates the mansion
Mystine asked the console. “Who invented this place”
“A team of magical engineers from the Artisan guild”
‘What are vampires?” (It answered Vampires are manifestation of extreme negative emotion upon the time of death that connects to one soul to a certain type of unknown entity like warlocks)
The console can open some doors
Large corridor 30 ft high and sides 20 ft across, couple of doors
Covered with thick stone
Magical research lab
Drawer (2 items. Egg-shaped)
Mystine identified the items
Any animal egg - you are able to with thought to use this egg to conjure any animal or any beast CR 1. Able to summon it for 1 hr after an hour it will return to its egg-shaped 1/per day
Any evocation egg - you may use an any evocation egg to use a any kind of evocation spell up to level 2 without spell slot 1/day
Alicia (Hedwig turned Alicia into a frogman)

Session goals:

Hedwig

Attend the harvest festival in Rainoso
Ask Oskar for an update about Sheila and Irene
Transfer Callie to the Hags of hama HQ (Ask if Don can use her face)
Tell Somme to deal with the Pervase family

Narmaya

Attend the festival during the day
Confine yourself in the cargo hold with Levi (full moon)
Talk to Hedwig about the fate of the family and the young girl
Mystine

Attend the festival
Mention to Minfilia the benefits of becoming a hag

Minfilia

Plan to take the ledger

PC Locations

Hedwig - Hag’s HQ
Mystine - Hag’s HQ
Somme - Hag’s HQ
Cotto - Hag’s HQ
Anton - Hag’s HQ
Peco - Hag’s HQ
Minfilia - Ship
Oskar - Ship
Narmaya - Ship
Dom - Ship
Rino - Church
Levi - Church
Jean Paul - La Carnalis

Session goals:

Hedwig

Attend the Harvest festival in Rainoso
Check on the festival at the bog
Find a way to transfer Callie to the HQ

Narmaya

Attend the festival during the day
Confine yourself in the cargo hold during the night
Talk to Hedwig about the fate of the family (Frank and Al’s)

Mystine 

Continue helping Hedwig with cleaning the Reformist’s church mess
Attend the harvest festival with Jean Paul and Strandiz
Mention to Minfilia about the benefits of becoming a Hag
Minfilia

Deal with the Pervase family
Plan on how to take the ledger from Rosamunda Pervese

Session :

Hedwig wakes up with a mental alert in her mind that jolted her awake
Hedwig was guided to a room that looks like where they hold meetings
Hedwig sees on the platform, 2 families talking about something
The Families are concerned because none of the reformist’s church members had shown up
The people may die if they enter the Bog
Mystine feels magical energy inside the HQ
3 possible Hexblood appears
Hedwig and company was able to fight the remaining reformist’s church
1st one (wife) - Arlene
2nd (Cyrielle)
3rd (Leonie)
Leonid visited Levy and Rino at the church announcing his presence.
“Ma, this letter is of odd nature. Please read it privately but keep your dog near. Rainoso’s peace is being threatened by an unknown force. First is the reformist church which some people I know had already dealt with. But I’m afraid that they don’t have access to internal church affairs. He is a Monsignor from Uyama and is what he said a necromancer, ex military. Uncle Levi said that he has a protege, a redhead girl aged 16. When I come back I will give your dog a lot of treats and maybe walk him around? Give him a pat on his head and thank him for protecting my Mother for me. Love you” - R
Callie was transferred to the Sanctum
Situation room - where the scrying table is
Best time to do something illegal. 
Leonid said he’s going to join the harvest festival
10 GP bet with oskar (if rhino is a homo)
20 GP bet with oskar to see if minfilia can convince Justin to train to fight
Minfilia needs to interview Marquez
People who’ll go to the festival
Hedwig, Somme, Cotto and Dom
Pecorine, Anton, Adam
Mystine, Jean Paul and Strandiz
Narmaya and Levy
Rino
Emil Belarus the counselor
Jules Salmon the counselor, he’s not very influential. His last name is Salmon. Sycophant, his allegiances to Durant
Guillerma found a way 


